
If you are planning to use a Progress database or application server over a 
secure https or SSL connection, you need CA/Root digital certificates to 
validate the server's digital certificate.  Using certificates can be confusing
so here are a couple of tips.

First, you need to SSL enable the [web] server.  You do this by creating a
public/private RSA or DSA keypair and obtaining a digital certificate for the
public key from a Certificate Authority such as Verisign.  The utilities for
performing these operations will vary from vendor to vendor and if the SSL 
enabled server is not supplied by Progress you should refer to its documentation
for which utilities to run and how to run them.  
                               
The client who is connecting to the SSL enabled server is required to have a 
copy of the issuing Certificate Authority's digital certificate.  If the SSL 
enabled server's digital certificate was issued by a public CA such as RSA,
Verisign or  Thawte, this step is easier because Progress ships the Root digital
certificates for these public CAs with its client products.  You will find these
root certificates in the <install-dir>/certs directory.

If the SSL enabled server's digital certificate was issued by a Certificate
Authority whose digital certificates is not present in the <install-dir>/certs
directory you will one, you need to take additional steps before the Progress 
client (or WebClient) will be able to establish a trust relationship with 
your SSL enabled server.  

    If you see this error from your Progress client it indicates that it 
    cannot find the Root digital certificate that it needs to validate the
    SSL server's digital certificate.
    
         "Secure Socket Layer (SSL) failure. error code -54: unable to
         get local issuer certificate (9318)".

      1. Obtain a copy of a PEM encoded certificate from the Certificate 
         Authority. 

      2. Copy that PEM file onto the machine where the Progress client
         will run.

      3. On the client machine, run the certutil -import or mkhashfile command 
         from the <install-dir>/bin directory. 

         This creates a copy of the PEM encoded certificate file from step
         2 as a hashed file name and copies it to the <install-dir>/certs
         directory on the client machine.

         Before running either of these utilities set the DLC (same as 
         <install-dir>) environment variable. 

         It may be possible to run these utilities in a PROENV shell.  PROENV 
         will properly set DLC.

 
When you are connecting to a SSL enabled Progress server, an additional 
verification step is performed by the client to ensure the server machine 
contains a valid certificate.  The client compares the hostname specified
in the connection URL ("-URL https://<hostname>/...") to the Common
Name stored in the server's certificate. They have to be an exact match, 
otherwise the client will report an error during the authentication of the 
Server Certificate resulting in the message:  "Secure Socket Layer (SSL) 
failure. error code -55: CONNECT HostName: (<hostName>) does not match 
Certificate: (<commonName>) (9318)". 

The "Common Name" as stored in the server certificate should be the 
DNS name of the SSL enabled server system. 

You can override this additional verification by setting the "-nohostverify"
option on the connection statement. For example, 
CONNECT("-URL https://<hostname>/...  -nohostverify").  


