9751 "At startup" "A choice on the repeat interval pull down menu. The repeat interval pull down menu is on the Job and Report schedule pages. The repeat interval specifies the repetition rate of the scheduled task. " "" ""
9752 "Weekly from date" "A choice on the repeat interval pull down menu. The repeat interval pull down menu is on the Job and Report schedule pages. The repeat interval specifies the repetition rate of the scheduled task. " "" ""
9753 "Monthly from date" "A choice on the repeat interval pull down menu. The repeat interval pull down menu is on the Job and Report schedule pages. The repeat interval specifies the repetition rate of the scheduled task. " "" ""
9754 "Every 5 minutes" "A choice on the repeat interval pull down menu. The repeat interval pull down menu is on the Job and Report schedule pages. The repeat interval specifies the repetition rate of the scheduled task. " "" ""
9755 "Every 15 minutes" "A choice on the repeat interval pull down menu. The repeat interval pull down menu is on the Job and Report schedule pages. The repeat interval specifies the repetition rate of the scheduled task. " "" ""
9756 "Every 30 minutes" "A choice on the repeat interval pull down menu. The repeat interval pull down menu is on the Job and Report schedule pages. The repeat interval specifies the repetition rate of the scheduled task. " "" ""
9757 "Every 60 minutes" "A choice on the repeat interval pull down menu. The repeat interval pull down menu is on the Job and Report schedule pages. The repeat interval specifies the repetition rate of the scheduled task. " "" ""
9758 "Daily" "A choice on the repeat interval pull down menu. The repeat interval pull down menu is on the Job and Report schedule pages. The repeat interval specifies the repetition rate of the scheduled task. " "" ""
9759 "Sunday" "A label to identify the day of the week. It is used as a selection choice on user interface objects such as check boxes or pull down menus." "" ""
9760 "Monday" "A label to identify the day of the week. It is used as a selection choice on user interface objects such as check boxes or pull down menus." "" ""
9761 "Tuesday" "A label to identify the day of the week. It is used as a selection choice on user interface objects such as check boxes or pull down menus." "" ""
9762 "Wednesday" "A label to identify the day of the week. It is used as a selection choice on user interface objects such as check boxes or pull down menus." "" ""
9763 "Thursday" "A label to identify the day of the week. It is used as a selection choice on user interface objects such as check boxes or pull down menus." "" ""
9764 "Saturday" "A label to identify the day of the week. It is used as a selection choice on user interface objects such as check boxes or pull down menus." "" ""
9765 "Database" "A label used in the user interface to identify the kind of Report that is being defined or scheduled. The kind of Report identified can be Database, System, Alert or Network." "" ""
9766 "Friday" "A label to identify the day of the week. It is used as a selection choice on user interface objects such as check boxes or pull down menus." "" ""
9767 "System" "A label used in the user interface to identify the kind of Report that is being defined or scheduled. The kind of Report identified can be Database, System, Alert or Network." "" ""
9768 "Alert" "A label used in the user interface to identify the kind of Report that is being defined or scheduled. The kind of Report identified can be Database, System, Alert or Network." "" ""
9769 "Network" "A label used in the user interface to identify the kind of Report that is being defined or scheduled. The kind of Report identified can be Database, System, Alert or Network." "" ""
9770 "Unknown" "A label used in the user interface to identify the kind of Report that is being defined or scheduled. The kind of Report identified can be Database, System, Alert or Network. This ""Unknown"" Report kind is not expected to be visible or selectable." "" ""
9771 "Summary" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database summary report." "" ""
9772 "After-image" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database After-image report." "" ""
9773 "Before-image" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database Before-image report." "" ""
9774 "Disk" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database disk information report." "" ""
9775 "Locking" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database locking summary report." "" ""
9776 "Memory" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database memory usage report." "" ""
9777 "Record" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database record read and write report." "" ""
9778 "Server" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database server activity report." "" ""
9779 "Detail" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database detail report on selected tables." "" ""
9780 "Checkpoint" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database checkpoint report." "" ""
9781 "Index" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database index utilization report." "" ""
9782 "Table" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Database table utilization summary report." "" ""
9783 "Individual" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is an Alert report on an individual resource." "" ""
9784 "General" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is an Alert general report." "" ""
9785 "CPU" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a System CPU usage report." "" ""
9786 "Memory" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a System memory utilization report." "" ""
9787 "Device" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a System disk device activity report." "" ""
9788 "File" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a System file system space usage report." "" ""
9789 "Resource" "A label used in the user interface to identify the type of Report that is being defined or scheduled. This type of report is a Network resource report." "" ""
9790 "Transaction limit of  enforced. Remaining:  for database <database>. (9790)" "A limit for the number of transactions is being enforced.  Using more than the number of remaining of transactions will cause the database to be shut down. " "C" ""
9791 "" "" "C" ""
9792 "None" "A label used in the user interface that presents a choice in a selection list." "" ""
9793 "All" "A label used in the user interface that presents a choice in a selection list." "" ""
9794 "From" "A label used in the user interface that is used when indicating a range." "" ""
9795 "To" "A label used in the user interface that is used when indicating a range." "" ""
9796 "weeks" "A label used in the user interface that is used when identifying a period of elapsed time." "" ""
9797 "months" "A label used in the user interface that is used when identifying a period of elapsed time." "" ""
9798 "Disabled" "A label used in the user interface that indicates the associated item is not usable. An example of its use is on a Job schedule to indicate that the schedule 
is disabled." "" ""
9799 "The SQL engine Statement Manager statement cache overflowed.  <number>  statements are currently in use ( <type of cache> cache). (9799)" "The SQL-92 SQL engine has a cache for statements which are executing, or are still live, or have been executed. This failure happens when sql has to add a new statement to the cache (during either the prepare or the execute phases), but the cache is filled to its maximum capacity. The number shown is the current maximum capacity. The most probable cause are blob accessing statements still inputting or outputting blob data.  To avoid error, try to run fewer statements. " "" ""
9800 "Search Text must be specified for each Search Criteria.  Please add text to the Search Text field. (9800)" "Each Search Criteria within the Log File Monitor of Fathom has a Search Text associated with it.  When saving the Search Criteria, Fathom did not find any text in the Search Text field." "" ""
