9451 "<function>:Unknown O/S error during <system call>, errno <error  number>, fd <file descriptor>, len <bytes>, offset <bytes>, file <file-name>. (9451)" "An error occured while trying to perform the specified operation on a file.  Please look in the error number table (errno.h) for the associated description of the failure. " "D" ""
9452 "SYSTEM ERROR: Attempted to exceed maximum size on file <pname>. (9452)" "An attempt was made to extend the file <pname> beyond the maximum value. If large files are not enabled and no limit was specified when the file was created, this is 2GB. If a limit was specified, that value is used. If no limit is specified and large files are enabled, the maximum size is 2TB. " "" ""
9453 "Large database file access is already enabled for database <db-name>. (9453)" "A command to enable processing for database files larger than 2gig was entered when large files were already enabled. This message is displayed and large file processing remains enabled. " "" ""
9454 "DB block in area <number> with dbkey <dbkey>, does not match backup. (9454)" "The probkup full verify failed because the number of before-imagede block does not match the number that was backed up.  Rerun the probkup. " "" ""
9455 "Please LOGOUT and restart session. Overflow of repeat/undo units nearing. (9455)" "Temporarily, the 4GL is limited to 2 gig of accept/reject units per session.  An accept/reject unit is a procedure or trigger, or a repeat block or for-each block.  You can reduce your use of these units by changing any REPEAT WHILE..  type statements to DO WHILE...
since a DO with no TRANSACTION or UNDO keywords is not an accept/reject unit, and a REPEAT is. " "" ""
9456 "Limit of repeat/undo units per session reached. (9456)" "Temporarily, the 4GL is limited to 2 gig of accept/reject units per session.  An accept/reject unit is a procedure or trigger, or a repeat block or for-each block.  You can reduce your use of these units by changing any REPEAT WHILE..  type statements to DO WHILE...
since a DO with no TRANSACTION or UNDO keywords is not an accept/reject unit, and a REPEAT is.  This limit will be lifted in later versions." "" ""
9457 "This version of PROGRESS does not support large files. (9457)" "Files larger than 2GB are only available with the Enterprise Database Server product." "D" ""
9458 "CODEBASE-LOCATOR attribute <attribute-name> is unavailable - No ProwcApp file was specified or codebase locator information is missing  (9458)" "To get CODEBASE-LOCATOR information within a WebClient application, a valid ProwcApp file must be made available to WebClient.   " "" ""
9459 "CODEBASE-LOCATOR attribute <attribute-name> is unavailable - Cannot initialize PSCSecReg.dll  (9459)" "To get CODEBASE-LOCATOR security cache information within a WebClient application, the PSCSecReg.dll must be initialized.  This error may be caused by incompatible system software installed on the machine." "" ""
9460 "CODEBASE-LOCATOR attribute <attribute-name> is unavailable - WebClient could not properly set up or use the security cache   (9460)" "To get CODEBASE-LOCATOR security cache information within a WebClient application, WebClient must be able to store encrypted authorization information in the security cache.  It was not able to initialize the software necessary to do this. " "" ""
9461 "CODEBASE-LOCATOR attribute <attribute-name> is unavailable - WebClient can not access prowcutils.dll or its entry points   (9461)" "To get CODEBASE-LOCATOR information within a WebClient application, WebClient must be able to run procedures in prowcutils.dll, a dll that is installed with WebClient.  For some reason this dll is inaccessible or corrupted. " "" ""
9462 "The CODEBASE-LOCATOR attribute <attribute-name> is only settable when using the Progress WebClient (9462)" "The CODEBASE-LOCATOR attributes can only be set from the WebClient client.  To ignore this with other Progress clients, simply use the NO-ERROR option. " "" ""
9463 "Error <error-code> occurred while trying to get or set security cache value (9463)" "A COM error occurred while trying to set a value for a CODEBASE-LOCATOR security cache attribute.  Contact Progress technical support for more information." "" ""
9464 "The unknown value is an invalid value for CODEBASE-LOCATOR attribute <attribute-name>  (9464)" "You must pass in a valid, non-unknown value for the specified attribute." "" ""
9465 "<ErrorString>  Application component is unavailable (9465)" "An As-Needed component for a WebClient application cannot be downloaded for the reason shown in the string." "" ""
9466 "File <filename> is on a remote device. (9466)" "Like bkMSG034, this message indicates that a file is on a remote system. Unlike bkMSG034, this should only go to the log file. It is
informational only and does not mean that integrity of the database
could be compromised." "" ""
9467 "A resource with this name already exists. Please specify a unique name for the resource." "Within Fathom each resource must have a unique name. When creating a new resource, copying a resource, or editing the name property of a resource you must specify a name that is not in use by any other resource." "" ""
9468 "Not licensed to run Fathom. Fathom will not be started. (9468)" "In order to run Fathom, the Fathom enabler product must be licensed. Please contact you Progress sales representative for information on licensing Fathom. " "" ""
9469 "Initializing Fathom. (9469)" "The Fathom plugin has begun initialization of the AMS components. " "" ""
9470 "Trend request failed for resource:  (9470)" " " "" ""
9471 "Fathom was unable to initialize the _pphpriv process to create UDP sockets. (9471)" "On UNIX systems an additional process is started at initialization time. The process runs the _pphpriv program and creates UDP sockets on behalf of the parent process. The _pphpriv process is used during the discovery and monitoring of UDP and TCP ports. This error indicates that a failure occurred when attempting to create the process and run the _pphpriv executable. The error might indicate a problem with locating the executable in the bin directory from the path specification in the ams.init.params file. It could indicate a system call failure attempting to create the process or establish the communication mechanism used between the parent and the child process." "" ""
9472 "A communication failure occured while attempting to create a UDP socket. (9472)" "On UNIX systems an additional separate process is started at initialization time. The process runs the _pphpriv program and creates UDP sockets on behalf of the parent process. The process is used during the discovery and monitoring of UDP and TCP ports. This error indicates that a communication failure occurred when the parent process requested the creation of a socket by the _pphpriv process. The error might indicate that the child process has been terminated.It could indicate a system call failure attempting to use the  communication mechanism used between the parent and the child process." "" ""
9473 "A failure occurred while attempting to create a raw socket. (9473)" "On UNIX systems an additional separate process is started at initialization time. The process runs the _pphpriv program and creates UDP sockets on behalf of the parent process. The process is used during the discovery and monitoring of UDP and TCP ports. The monitoring of UDP response as a result of sending datagrams uses raw sockets. The creation of raw sockets requires privilege on some unix systems. The _pphpriv program is expected to be owned by root and to have its suid bit set. This error indicates that the _pphpriv process was unable to create a raw socket on behalf of the calling process.The error might indicate that the child process is not running with the needed privileges. The error could indicate a system call failure issuing the socket request." "" ""
9474 "One or more property changes are invalid." "The attempt to edit the properties of a resource or create a new resource has failed due to one or more invalid property settings. The invalid properties will be indicated by a red ""X"" next to the property name. Correct the invalid properties and try again. " "" ""
9475 "Invalid name specified. Names must be less than 32 characters and be HTTP compliant." "The names specified is invalid. Names must be less than 32 characters and be HTTP compliant. The HTTP compliant requirements stems from the usage of HTTP to communicate between clients and the Fathom server. This means that names are limited to alphanumeric characters and underscores. Not spaces are allowed. " "" ""
9476 "A name must be specified. (9476)" "An attempt was made to create a resource without supplying a name. Enter a name an retry. " "" ""
9477 "Description must be less than 256 characters." "An attempt was made to set the description property of a resource to a string greater than 256 characters. Shorten the description and try again. " "" ""
9478 "The selected resource no longer exists. Refresh the resource list frame for the list of existing resources." "An operation on a resource has failed due to the resource having been deleted. This occurs when the client has a stale list of resources. Refreshing the list of resources will show those currently available. " "" ""
9479 "Invalid property value on schedule. Day will not be included in schedule: <Day of week> = <Bogus property value> (9479)" "A schedule in the Fathom project file has an invalid time entered for a day of the week. The project file may be corrupt." "" ""
9480 "One or more days must be selected in a schedule." "An attempt was made to create a schedule without any days selected. Select one or more days and try again. " "" ""
9481 "The end time must be after the start time in a schedule." "An attempt was made to create a schedule with the end time equal to or before the start time. Change the times such that the end time occurs after the start time and try again. " "" ""
9482 "Fathom is shutting down the _pphpriv process for creating UDP sockets due to too many errors. (9482)" "On UNIX systems an additional separate process is started at initialization time. The process runs the _pphpriv program and creates UDP sockets on behalf of the parent process. The _pphpriv process is used during the discovery and monitoring of UDP and TCP ports. This error indicates that multiple failures are occurring when attempting to communicate with the _pphpriv process. Repeated attempts to restart the _pphpriv process have not corrected the problem. The _pphpriv process will not be left shutdown. This will result in the loss of the UDP and TCP monitoring services.  The error might indicate a problem with locating the executable in the bin directory from the path specification in the ams.init.params file. It could indicate a system call failure attempting to create the process or establish the communication mechanism used between the parent and the child process." "" ""
9483 "Selected row must be new row when using <attribute> for <browse-widget>. (9483)" "In order to use the CREATE-RESULT-LIST-ENTRY method for the browser, the selected row must be a row that has just been added to the browser with the INSERT-ROW() method, a row with no corresponding entry in the results list. This method will create the result-list entry for the new row." "" ""
9484 "You are not allowed to add or modify <table-name> records. (9484)" "You are attempting to add a record to or modify a record in a system table that you do not have access to.  This error occurs when an application or a user tries to add a record or change a record in the schema tables which represent the physical schema: _Area, _Extent, or _StorageObject. " "" ""
9485 "Current BI File size is greater than 90of the BIFile threshold value. (9485)" "Upon first starting up the database after pre-growing the BI file with
proutil <dbname> -C bigron <n>, or upon a warm start after a system crash, the current BI file size already exceeds 90% of the BI file threshold value. If the -bistall startup option has been used, the database will NOT stall until a new BI cluster is needed and created. This could cause the BI file size to then exceed the BI threshold value." "" ""
9486 "The database will not be stalled until a new BI cluster is needed and created, which could then exceed the BI File threshold value. (9486)" "Upon first starting up the database after pre-growing the BI file with
proutil <dbname> -C bigron <n>, or upon a warm start after a system crash, the current BI file size already exceeds 90% of the BI file threshold value. If the -bistall startup option has been used, the database will NOT stall until a new BI cluster is needed and created. This could cause the BI file size to then exceed the BI threshold value." "" ""
9487 "Port number must be an integer within the range 1-65535. (9487)" "TCP and UDP port numbers must be integers greater than or equal to one and less than or equal to 65535." "" ""
9488 "Name must be HTTP compliant. It cannot contain spaces and other special characters." "Resource names within Fathom must be HTTP compliant. The most common error is the inclusion of spaces within a resource name. Underscores can be used in place of spaces to improve readability.  " "" ""
9489 "Fathom is unable to retrieve trend data from database:  <Database name>  Ensure the database is running. (9489)" "No data was retrieved from the specified database.  Either the database is not running or the agent has not been properly started for the database." "" ""
9490 "Fathom is now able to poll the database:  <Database name> (9490)" "The specified database can now be polled by Fathom." "" ""
9491 "Fathom is unable to poll database:  <Database name>  Verify _dbagent.exe is running for the database.  Error: <errormessage> (9491)" "The specified database can not be polled by Fathom because the _dbagent process is not running. " "" ""
9492 "<ErrorString>Application component is unavailable (9492)" "An As-Needed component for a WebClient application cannot be downloaded for the reason shown in the string." "" ""
9493 "Open in WebClient Assembler" "shell integration context menu option for .wcp files. " "" ""
9494 "An SQL Exception occured during an insert into the trend database.  SQLState:  <SQL state code>  message:  <SQL Message>  vendor:  <Vendor code for error>  statement:  <SQL Statement> (9494)" "There was a problem inserting data into the trend database.  The message data should define what the problem was. " "" ""
9495 "Name:  <key value name> Value:  <Value list>" "This message is called to print name value pairs to the log file when a trend fails to be written to the database." "" ""
9496 "Established connection to trend database:  <Database URLP>" "Informational message indicating successful establishment of a connection to the defined trend database." "" ""
9497 "The connection to the trend database was lost. (9497)" "Informational message indicating the trend database is no longer connected.  This will happen when the Fathom trend database connection has been lost and needs to be re-established.  Repeated occurrences of this message indicate a problem with the establishment of a JDBC connection to the trend database." "" ""
9498 "The following error occurred while instantiating the trender:  <Exception message> (9498)" "The trender could not be instantiated due to the reason listed.  " "" ""
9499 "Calculating sample:  <Sample Name>  metric:  <Metric number> (9499)" "Debug message to give status on which sample is being worked on." "" ""
9500 "From: <hours>:<minutes> <AM|PM>   To: <hours>:<minutes> <AM|PM>" "Format string for displaying schedule times in Fathom UI. " "" ""
