9201 "SYSTEM ERROR: Binary Dump failed in upLobSegmentWrite, returnCode = <returnCode>. (9201)" "" "d" ""
9202 "SYSTEM ERROR: Binary Dump failed in dsmBlobStart, dsmRet = <dsmRet>. (9202)" "syserr " "d" ""
9203 "ERROR: Lob data object numbers do not match, expecting <object-num>, received <object-num>. (9203)" "syserr " "d" ""
9204 "Error connecting to AdminServer. Ensure username and password are correct. (9204)" "An error occured connecting to the Progress AdminServer. Validate the username and password supplied and try again. If you still cannot connect check that the AdminServer is running. " "" ""
9205 "Error starting database. (9205)" "An error occured starting the database. Validate the properties specified for the database. If no error in property settings is found examine the database log file." "" ""
9206 "Database configuration crashed. (9206)" "The database configuration has failed. Examine the database log file to determine the cause of the failure. " "" ""
9207 "Do you want to disconnect from the AdminServer? (9207)" "In Progress Explorer you have attempted to delete an AdminServer to which Progress Explorer is connected. To delete the AdminServer Progress Explorer will need to close the connection. " "" ""
9208 "One or more property values are invalid. You must supply correct values before continuing.  (9208)" "" "" ""
9209 "The server group for the database configuration you are starting has a port value of 0. If you continue the database will be started without networking. As such you will not be able to manage it from Progress Explorer. Do you wish to continue? (9209)" "If you start a database with a port value of 0 the database will be started with networking disabled. Without networking the database will not be able to establish communication with the AdminServer and thus will not be manageable from Progress Explorer. " "" ""
9210 "OS-COMMAND does not support writing output data to the Web Server. (9210)" "Your specified output device is a Web server. OS-COMMAND does not support writing data to this device.  Specify another output device via the OUTPUT TO statment. " "" ""
9211 "Are you sure you want to delete ?<instanceName>                   " "Ask the user to confirm a deletion request of an instance in Progress Explorer console.  If the user's reply is no, then the instance is not deleted; otherwise the instance is removed from the configuration after the message box is dismissed. " "" ""
9212 "Extent <file-name> has the wrong creation date <time-stamp>, (9212)" "PROGRESS tried to open a multi-volume database. The named extent of this database is out of sync with the control area. This is usually the result of incorrect dump/restore procedures, but in rare cases may be caused by a previous operating system crash while the database was being opened. In the latter case, the prostrct utility may be run with the unlock option to re-sync the database extents. This will not fix a database that was incorrectly dumped or restored. " "" ""
9213 "Extent <file-name> has a different last opened date <timestamp>, (9213)" "PROGRESS tried to open a multi-volume database and the indicated extent has a last-opened date different from the Control Area. This is most likely the result of incorrect backup and restore procedures, but might have been caused by an operating system crash during a previous open of the database. In the latter case, use the PROGRESS prostrct utility with the unlock option to re-sync the database extents. Note, however, that this will not fix an incorrect backup or restore. " "" ""
9214 "Creation date mismatch. (9214)" "PROGRESS tried to open a multi-volume database. The named extent of this database is out of sync with the control area. This is usually the result of incorrect dump/restore procedures, but in rare cases may be caused by a previous operating system crash while the database was being opened. In the latter case, the prostrct utility may be run with the unlock option to re-sync the database extents. This will not fix a database that was incorrectly dumped or restored. " "" ""
9215 "Last open date mismatch. (9215)" "PROGRESS tried to open a multi-volume database. The named extent of this database is out of sync with the control area. This is usually the result of incorrect dump/restore procedures, but in rare cases may be caused by a previous operating system crash while the database was being opened. In the latter case, the prostrct utility may be run with the unlock option to re-sync the database extents. This will not fix a database that was incorrectly dumped or restored. " "" ""
9216 "Control Area has a creation date of <time-stamp>. (9216)" "PROGRESS tried to open the database. The named extent of this database is out of sync with the control area. This is usually the result of incorrect dump/restore procedures, but in rare cases may be caused by a previous operating system crash while the database was being opened. In the latter case, the prostrct utility may be run with the unlock option to re-sync the database extents. This will not fix a database that was incorrectly dumped or restored. " "" ""
9217 "Control Area has a last open date of <time-stamp>. (9217)" "PROGRESS tried to open the database. The named extent of this database is out of sync with the control area. This is usually the result of incorrect dump/restore procedures, but in rare cases may be caused by a previous operating system crash while the database was being opened. In the latter case, the prostrct utility may be run with the unlock option to re-sync the database extents. This will not fix a database that was incorrectly dumped or restored. " "" ""
9218 "The Compiler specified cannot be found. (9218)" "ProxyGen requires that the value specified in the Compiler field on the Generate Dialog is an existing executable and that it is accessible from the system where ProxyGen is run. Note that ProxyGen will automatically add .exe or .bat if not specified. Possible causes include that the path for the compiler is incorrect or when a relative path for the compiler is used, the system's PATH variable may not be set correctly." "" ""
9219 "Both the position and num-bits arguments for PUT-BITS and GET-BITS must be greater than 0 and less than 65. Their sum must be less than 66. (9219)" "PUT-BITS and GET-BITS require that the bit position (second) argument be 1 or greater and 64 or less. The same requirement is true for the num-bits (3rd) argument. In addition, position + num-bits must be 65 or less. " "" ""
9220 "Not enough memory for signature of <proc-name>. (9220)" "Prolib -makeshared failed to add the specified <proc-name> to the memory-mapped procedure library.  There was not enough memory to hold the r-code header's signature. " "" ""
9221 "The Compiler and compiler options are not compatible. Please update the Compiler Options by selecting the Advanced button. (9221)" "ProxyGen validates the value specified in the Compiler field when the Compiler is Custom and equals either javac or jvc. This validation checks that the compiler options (found on the Advanced Compiler Options dialog) are compatible with the compiler. For any compiler other than javac or jvc, no validation of the options is performed.
" "" ""
9222 "Error encountered during object creation. (9222)" "To avoid this error, ensure that the object number requested during object creation (if specified) is unique. " "" ""
9223 "Exception  received after connection lost to AdminServer. (9223)" "The connection to the AdminServer was lost abnormally. Likely causes are the AdminServer process terminated or a network error.












 " "" ""
9224 "Unexpected internal error: 
Please forward the following information to Progress technical support: (9224)" "An unexpected internal error has occurred. The system will now display some information which may be helpful to the Progress database developers in determining the cause of the error. Please copy verbatim the text between this message and the ""End of internal error text"" message, and forward it to Progress technical support.
" "d" ""
9225 "<id-tag>, <source-filename>, <source-line-number>, <return-value>" "" "d" ""
9226 "<text-to-be-displayed>" "" "d" ""
9227 "Exiting. (9227)" " " "d" ""
9228 "End of internal error text. (9228)" "This message marks the end of an internal error message. The text between this message and the previous, ""Unexpected internal error: Please forward the following information to Progress technical support :"", message should be copied down verbatim and forwarded to Progress technical support." "d" ""
9229 "Write access denied for file <filename>. (9229)" " " "" ""
9230 "Read access denied for file <filename>. (9230)" " " "" ""
9231 "File <filename> not updated. (9231)" " " "" ""
9232 "SYSTEM ERROR: SQL Explorer terminating. (9232)" "syserr" "" ""
9233 "Table contains more than the maximum columns currently supported. (9233)" "You are attempting to access a table which contains more columns than is currently supported by the SQL product.  This is probably a result of accessing a table which was created by the 4GL dictionary (where a higher column maximum is allowed)." "" ""
9234 "Personal DB server cannot support more than <number> users. (9234)" "You have attempted to increase the number of users (-n) to a value greater than the Personal DB server product supports.  The number of users (-n) will be adjusted to the Personal DB server product maximum of 5 users.  The Workgroup or Enterprise server product is required to support more than 5 users and is available via product upgrade. " "D" ""
9235 "Personal DB server cannot support more than <number> users. (9235)" "You have attempted to connect to a Personal database server which currently has the product maximum of 5 users connected.  You must wait for another database server client to log out.  The Workgroup or Enterprise server product is required to support more than 5 users and is available via product upgrade. " "D" ""
9236 "VALIDATION MESSAGE:  <broker name>: Verify that the environment settings are correct for your installation.  Some environment variables may still be set to their default values. (9236)" "  " "" ""
9237 "Delete selected object: ? (9237)" "syserr " "" ""
9238 "BI File Threshold size (-bithold): <size+identifier>. (9238)" "This is an informational message recorded in the database log file
(.lg) when a database session begins.  It is reporting the size of the threshold for growth in size of the Before Image file (.bi).                                                      " "D" ""
9239 "BI File Threshold size of <size+identifier> has been reached. (9239)" "The Before Image file threshold size has been reached.  If the -bithold option has been used without the -bistall, an emergency shutdown will ocurr. If -bistall has been used, forward processing has been paused." "D" ""
9240 "BI File size has grown to within 90 percent of the threshold value of <size+identifier>. (9240)" "This is an information message warning the the Before Image file size is nearing the threshold setting.  This can occur due to long running transactions. When the BI file grows to the size of the threshold the system will either begin an emergency shutdown or forward processing will be paused." "D" ""
9241 " (9241)" "" "D" ""
9242 "BI File Threshold size has been changed from <size+identifier>, to <size+identifier>. (9242)" "The Before Image Threshold value has been changed to a new value using the proquiet command." "D" ""
9243 "VALIDATION MESSAGE: Missing server startup parameter(s) for <broker name>: <missing parameters> (9243)" "  " "" ""
9244 "BI File Threshold size is already <size+identifier>. (9244)" "An attempt was made to change the Before Image Threshold setting to the current value. As a result, the setting has not been changed.                 " "D" ""
9245 "Unable to memory map procedure library <library-name>.  System call: <function>.  Error number: <error>. (9245)" "An attempt was made to memory map a procedure library.  The attempt failed.  The system call that failed was <function>. The error set by the system call is <error>. " "" ""
9246 "Unable to unmap memory-mapped procedure library <library-name>.  System call: <function>.  Error number: <error>. (9246)" "An attempt was made to unmap a memory-mapped procedure library.  The attempt failed.  The system call that failed was <function>.  The error set by the system call is <error>. " "" ""
9247 "Are you sure you want to delete ?<instanceName>                    (9247)" "Ask the user to confirm a deletion request of an instance in Progress Explorer console.  If the user's reply is no, then the instance is not deleted; otherwise the instance is removed from the configuration after the message box is dismissed. " "" ""
9248 "You must specify a host name" "In the Progress Explorer Server Properties dialog you must specify a host name. If no host name is specified you will not be able to select the OK button or another tab in the dialog. " "" ""
9249 "You must specify a user name" "In the Progress Explorer Server Properties dialog you must specify a user name. If no user name is specified you will not be able to select the OK button or another tab in the dialog. " "" ""
9250 "The port number must be between 1 - 65535 or a valid service name." "In the Progress Explorer Server Properties dialog you must specify a valid port number or service name. If an invalid port number or invalid service name is entered you will not be able to select the OK button or another tab in the dialog. " "" ""
