12901 "SUPER() may only be used from within a constructor. (12901)" "SUPER() invokes the constructor of a class' super class, so may appear only in a constructor and must be the first statement in the constructor." "" ""
12902 "SUPER() must be the very first statement in the constructor. (12902)" "SUPER() invokes the super class' constructor. Super class initialization must occur before a derived class initializes, so SUPER() must be the first statement in a  constructor." "" ""
12903 "Destructors may only be invoked as a result of a DELETE OBJECT statement. (12903)" "It is not valid to invoke a destructor directly. You may see this error message if you attempt to call a method on an object and the method has no parameters and has the same name as the object's class." "" ""
12904 "AS and BY-POINTER qualifiers cannot be used with user-defined functions or ABL methods that do not override or implement a .NET method.  It is only for methods of external objects, like COM or .NET. (12904)" "The compiler found an attempt to call a UDF or a method or constructor of an ABL object that used the AS or BY-POINTER qualifier on one or more of the parameters. That syntax is not valid in this context.  COM object methods are an example of where the AS and BY-POINTER qualifiers can be used.  Another example is .NET methods.  In both cases, these methods belong to a framework that contains datatype that the ABL does not support, thus necessitating the need for the AS phrase." "" ""
12905 "Parameter  for   is not type compatible with its definition. (12905)" "Check the definition of the method you are trying to call and make sure that the parameter you are passing is of the required class or is derived from the required class." "" ""
12906 "PUBLISH statement may only be used in a class file with the FROM phrase. (12906)" "A class may not PUBLISH an event. It may, however, PUBLISH on behalf  of a procedure or widget." "" ""
12907 "Interface files may not have executable statements. (12907)" "An interface only defines the public contract between a class that implements it and its clients. If you have executable statements in an interface file, move the statements to the class or classes that implement the interfaces." "" ""
12908 "Unable to automatically supply SUPER() call to constructor for class ''. Constructor for '' has  parameters. (12908)" "Every constructor must invoke the constructor of its super class. If the super class has a constructor that takes parameters, you must explicitly code the call to SUPER(), supplying the correct parameters. It is not necessary to explicitly code this call if the super class does not have a defined constructor or has a constructor with no parameters. The compiler will automatically add a call to SUPER() in these cases. This error message indicates that the compiler was unable to do that." "" ""
12909 "A method may only be defined in a class or an interface file. (12909)" "The compiler encountered the METHOD keyword in a file that was not a class file. Methods can only be defined in classes." "" ""
12910 "Procedures and user-defined functions may not be defined in a class or interface file. (12910)" "The compiler encountered a PROCEDURE or FUNCTION statement in a file that holds a class or interface definition (with the "".cls"" extension). You must put PROCEDURE or FUNCTION definitions in some other kind of source file (.p, .w, .i)." "" ""
12911 "Method or user defined function '' not found. (12911)" "The compiler encountered a reference to a method or function for which it could find no declaration or definition. If it is a method, make sure that the class you are using has defined the method and that it is visible to your code. If it is a function, make sure that it has been defined or forward declared prior to the point at which you are invoking it." "" ""
12912 "User-defined function '' not found. (12912)" "The compiler encountered a reference to a function for which it could find no declaration or definition. Make sure that it has been defined or forward declared prior to the point at which you are invoking it." "" ""
12913 "It is invalid to have a method on the left-hand side of an assignment statement. (12913)" "You cannot assign a value to a method, so it is invalid to have it as the target of an assignment." "" ""
12914 "THIS-OBJECT may not be used with the colon syntax. (12914)" "This version of the compiler does not support access to a method or data member through THIS-OBJECT (e.g., ""myID = THIS-OBJECT:getID()"" ). You should be able to use the method or data member directly without THIS-OBJECT (e.g., ""myID = getID()"" )." "" ""
12915 "CAST must be to a user-defined type to be used with colon syntax. (12915)" "The compiler was not able to find the definition of the type specified as the second parameter of a call to the CAST function and it was not a built-in 4GL type such as Progress.lang.ProObject. Make sure that rcode or source for the type is on the PROPATH and in a directory that corresponds to the package name." "" ""
12916 "Already defining an INTERFACE. Cannot compile a CLASS statement nested within an INTERFACE statement. (12916)" "The compiler found a CLASS statement nested within an INTERFACE statement. Delete or move the CLASS statement." "" ""
12917 " cannot inherit from itself. (12917)" "The compiler encountered a CLASS statement like this:
     CLASS InvoiceClass INHERITS InvoiceClass:

A class that inherits from a user-defined class must inherit from a class other than itself.
" "" ""
12918 "Could not compile '', which is a super class of ''. (12918)" "When the compiler compiles a class, it first compiles all super classes of the class. This error indicates that there was an error compiling a super class. Check the specified class to see what the error was. (If you get this message, you will probably also see error messages specifically about the class that failed to compile.)" "" ""
12919 "Could not find or generate class , which is a super class of . (12919)" "The compiler encountered a reference to a class and attempted to find or generate rcode for one of its super classes but was unable to do so. Examine the indicated class and make sure that it is available or that its source code compiles." "" ""
12920 "Cannot inherit from class '' because it has a private constructor. (12920)" "Examine the indicated class and make sure that it has a constructor that specifies the PUBLIC or PROTECTED access modifier (or that it has no explicit constructor at all). For example, in order for ClassB to inherit from ClassA, ClassB must be able to invoke ClassA's constructor, but a PRIVATE access modifier on ClassA's constructor means that only ClassA can invoke it (which is why constructors typically are not PRIVATE)." "" ""
12921 "Cannot inherit from class '' because it is FINAL. (12921)" "FINAL on a class definition means that it may not serve as the super class for another class. Either remove ""FINAL"" from the class definition of the class that you are trying to inherit from, or do not inherit from it. " "" ""
12922 "Already defining an INTERFACE. Cannot compile another INTERFACE statement. (12922)" "The compiler found an INTERFACE statement inside another INTERFACE statement. The compiler does not support nested interfaces." "" ""
12923 "Already defining a CLASS. Cannot compile an INTERFACE statement. (12923)" "The compiler found an INTERFACE statement nested within a CLASS statement. Delete or move the INTERFACE statement." "" ""
12924 "INTERFACE statement must come before all other compilable statements. (12924)" "If a .cls file defines an interface, the INTERFACE statement must be the first statement in the file. (Statements not analyzed by the compiler ? preprocessor statements and comments, for example ? are valid before the INTERFACE statement.)" "" ""
12925 "May only use colon syntax for methods and data members. (12925)" "The compiler found an attempt to use a user-defined type to access something other than one of its methods or variables." "" ""
12926 "Protected element '' may only be accessed from within its class hierarchy. (12926)" "A protected element can be accessed only from within the class where it is defined or from a class that inherits directly or indirectly from that class. You may want to change the element to PUBLIC. An alternative is to have the class (where you want to access the element) inherit from the class where it is defined. (If it is a data member of a class, that class may have methods to allow you to get or set the member.)" "" ""
12927 "Could not locate element '' in class ''. (12927)" "The compiler was unable to find the specified method or data member in the indicated class definition. It's possible that it doesn't exist or that it is not visible to the code attempting to call it. (If it is PRIVATE, it can be accessed only from the class that defines it. If it is PROTECTED, it can be accessed only from the class that defines it or a class derived from that class.)" "" ""
12928 "Class variable '' has been referenced as though it were a method. (12928)" "The compiler probably found parentheses after the name of a class variable. For example:
  myvar = myClass:SomeDataMember().    /* wrong -- should have no parentheses */
" "" ""
12929 "Class method '' has been referenced as though it were a variable. (12929)" "The compiler probably found a reference to a valid method but with no parentheses following the name. Even if the method takes no parameters, you must still supply the parentheses. The erroneous statement would look like this:
  result = myClass:SomeMethod.    /* wrong, needs parentheses */
" "" ""
12930 "May not invoke a destructor using the colon syntax. Use DELETE OBJECT. (12930)" "The runtime automatically invokes an object's destructor when executing DELETE OBJECT. Do not call the destructor directly." "" ""
12931 "May only invoke a class constructor from within a constructor or as a result of a NEW(). (12931)" "The compiler detected an attempt to call a constructor directly (for example, ""MyClass:MyClass()"" ). Call NEW instead, which will automatically run the constructor. (If the compiler supports multiple constructors per class, it is also permissible to call one constructor from another constructor of the same class.) " "" ""
12932 "Found class  but could not find or generate one of its super-classes. (12932)" "The compiler needed to find or generate rcode for a reference to a class. It was able to find the class, but was unable to get the definition for one of its superclasses. There may be a .r or .cls file missing, or possibly the file for super class is not on the ProPath in a directory that matches its namespace." "" ""
12933 "Could not compile class  in the hierarchy of . (12933)" "The compiler was attempting to compile a class file but encountered an error compiling one its super classes. Examine the super classes and correct the error(s). (You should have seen additional messages indicating the specific compilation errors.)" "" ""
12934 "Could not open source file for class . (12934)" "Possible reasons for this error include the .cls file not being present at all or not being on the PROPATH in a directory that corresponds to its namespace. See the documentation regarding type names and namespaces." "" ""
12935 "Cycle in inheritance hierarchy:  ultimately derived from  which inherits . (12935)" "A class can exist at only one level in an inheritance hierarchy. Examine the superclasses of the class you are trying to compile and ensure that none of them inherit from the class or from one of the other classes in the hierarchy." "" ""
12936 "Class '' inherits class '' but could not get its type information. (12936)" "The compiler needed to compile or otherwise get information on a super class. It was able to find the class but unable to get the information it needed. This is probably an internal compiler error. Contact Tech Support." "" ""
12937 "Could not compile '' which is an interface implemented by ''. (12937)" "When the compiler compiles a class, it first compiles all interfaces implemented by the class (as well as all of its super classes). This error indicates that there was an error compiling an interface that the class implements. Check the specified interface to see what the error was. (If you get this message, you will probably also see error messages specifically about the interface that failed to compile.)" "" ""
12938 "Compilation Failure: '' implements interface '' but could not find or generate type information for the interface. (12938)" "The compiler encountered a reference to a class and attempted to find or generate rcode for one of its super classes but was unable to do so. Examine the indicated class and make sure that it is available or that its source code compiles." "" ""
12939 "Class  implements interface , but  is a class. (12939)" "The compiler encountered a CLASS statement like 
   CLASS abc IMPLEMENTS xyz:
but the xyz that the compiler found is a for a class, not an interface. Change IMPLEMENTS to INHERITS or make sure that the first file on the ProPath with the interface name is really an interface file.
" "" ""
12940 "Compilation Failure: Class file '' has no CLASS or INTERFACE statement. (12940)" "The compiler found source code in a file with an extension of "".cls"", but the file did not begin with the necessary CLASS or INTERFACE statement. Examine the source file and make sure that it is syntactically correct." "" ""
12941 "Interface '' requires method '' in class '' to be PUBLIC. (12941)" "Check the class identified to make sure that the interface methods that it implements match the definitions given in the interface file. In this case, the class included the method but did not have the correct access modifier." "" ""
12942 "Interface '' requires method '' to be implemented by class ''. The method is either missing or has mismatched parameters. (12942)" "Check the class identified to make sure that it contains all of the methods defined in the interface identified in the ""IMPLEMENTS"" phrase. (If it appears to do so, it's possible that there are two versions of the interface file on the ProPath and the compiler is picking up the one that does not match the class file.)" "" ""
12943 "Cannot register '' class elements. (12943)" "The compiler encountered a language feature that it does not support in class files." "" ""
12944 "PUBLIC or PROTECTED  of type  not supported in CLASSES. (12944)" "The indicated type can't be defined as PUBLIC or PROTECTED. Try to define it as PRIVATE and, if it's necessary to access it from outside of the class, add some public methods that can be called to interact with the element." "" ""
12945 "SYSTEM ERROR: Could not locate class variable ''. (12945)" "This is an internal error and you should call Tech Support. The compiler was unable to process information about a class member that it should have been able to access." "" ""
12946 " already defined as a  .  (12946)" "The class definition contains two elements with the same name. Make sure that the indicated members of the class have unique names." "" ""
12947 "PUBLIC and PROTECTED elements must be unique within a class or interface. (12947)" "Although it's possible to have, for example, a PRIVATE temp-table and a PROTECTED data member with the same name in the same class, names of PUBLIC and PROTECTED data members must be unique." "" ""
12948 "<data variable> already defined as a <access modifier> <type> in inherited class. Cannot define it as <access modifier> <type>. (12948)" "The class definition contains an element that has the same name as an element defined in a super class. Make sure that the indicated member of the class doesn't conflict with members of super classes." "" ""
12949 " is already defined in inherited class. Cannot override data. (12949)" "There is a name conflict with a data member in a super class. Make sure that names of data members are unique.  The only time you can have the same data member in a child class as one in the super class is when the property OVERRIDEs an abstract property.  
" "" ""
12950 " already defined in inherited class with return type ''. (12950)" "When a class overrides a method defined in a super class, the override method must have the same signature as the method defined in the super class. The return type, number of parameters, and data types and modes of the parameters must all be the same." "" ""
