2251 "Destroyed user  pid . (2251)" "This message is written to the .lg file when proshut kills all processes connected to the database. " "d" ""
2252 "Begin transaction backout. (2252)" "This informational message is written to the database log (.lg) file when a user is being disconnected from the database. " "d" ""
2253 "Transaction backout completed. (2253)" "This informational message is written to the database log (.lg) file when a user is being disconnected from the database. " "d" ""
2254 "Signal <signum> not being logged. (2254)" "This message is an informational message stating that upon receiving a signal, a message will not be sent to the .lg file for the signal specified.. " "D" ""
2255 "SYSTEM ERROR: Incomplete microtransaction. (2255)" "A process has disconnected or died during a microtransaction and the database has been shut down to prevent data corruption. " "D" ""
2256 "SYSTEM ERROR: User  died during microtransaction. (2256)" "A process has died during a microtransaction and the database has been shut down to prevent corruption. " "D" ""
2257 "Unable to open or create <filename>, error <number>. (2257)" "PROGRESS was unable to create the temporary file <filename>. The reason for the error is indicated by the error <number>. The most common problems are:   2 - A directory in the path does not exist.  13 - You do not have write permission in the directory.  24 - You have too many open files.  28 - The disk is full Other error numbers can be found in /usr/include/errno.h. " "D" ""
2258 "User  cannot disconnect user . (2258)" "The only users who are allowed to disconnect a user from a database are:  - The user who is being disconnected,  - The user who started the database server.  - The system administrator. " "D" ""
2259 "You cannot run the <utility> from a remote machine. (2259)" "Certain utilities must be run on the machine where the server resides. There ultilities include: PROGRESS MONITOR                           ONLINE BACKUP                           AFTER-IMAGE WRITER                           BEFORE-IMAGE WRITER                           ASYNCHRONOUS PAGE WRITER " "" ""
2260 "SYSTEM ERROR: Invalid pointer encountered in block with DBKEY <num> in AREA <num> (2260)" "syserr - An I/O block was found that contains a back pointer that does not contain the correct information.  This pointer is present to detect corruption of memory before another error happens. " "D" ""
2261 "Sending signal <signal number> to <num> connected user(s). (2261)" "The server is sending the connected clients a signal to get their attention.  This usually happens when trying to shutdown the database and it takes a long time. " "D" ""
2262 "<time>  processes still connected. (2262)" "This displays the number of processes connected to the server with the exception of PROSHUT or PROMON sessions. " "D" ""
2263 "Resending shutdown request to <num> user(s). (2263)" "The server is shutting down and some processes haven't disconnected yet, so the server is resending the shutdown request to the remaining processes. " "D" ""
2264 "Poll returned -1 , errno=<n>. (2264)" "PROGRESS is trying to sleep for a short period and had a problem executing poll() to persorm the sleep.  See errno.h for a description of the associated errno. Poll uses STREAMS (a kernel resource) and may have problems it STREAMS are not configured into the kernel. " "" ""
2265 "Routine <routine name> encountered unknown field type. (2265)" "An unknown field type was encountered in the specified routine.  This condition could occur, for example, if you loaded the definition file (.df) for one type of database (e.g. PROGRESS) into the schema for another type of database (e.g. C-ISAM). Check that you're loading the appropriate definition file into the database. " "" ""
2266 "Expected user <user> received user <usernum>. (2266)" "An invalid meesage came in on a socket that the server was listening on.  The message header on that socket was supposed to be for the expected user, however the message had the received user number in it. " "" ""
2267 "Invalid message was received for user <user>. (2267)" "An invalid message was received for the specified user. " "" ""
2268 "Invalid message was received for an attempted login. (2268)" "An invalid message was received for an attemped login.  This might be caused by a network error.  This message should be accompanied with other network error messages. " "" ""
2269 "Non-unique element for index on DUMP-NAME. (2269)" "In Version 7 there is a unique index on the dump-name field.  You will see this message when the conversion utility finds a duplicate entry on this field.  The conversion utility has replaced the duplicate entry with the UNKNOWN value.  You should use the dictionary to assign a dump-name for the affected table. " "D" ""
2270 "Non-unique element for index <Index-num>. (2270)" "In Version 7 there is a unique index on a field.  You will see this message when the conversion utility finds a duplicate entry on this field.  The conversion utility has replaced the duplicate entry with the UNKNOWN value. " "D" ""
2271 "Replacing <String> with Unknown Value. (2271)" "In Version 7 there is a unique index on the dump-name field.  You will see this message when the conversion utility finds a duplicate entry on this field.  The conversion utility has replaced the duplicate entry with the UNKNOWN value.  You should use the dictionary to assign a dump-name for the affected table. " "D" ""
2272 "Unequal number of user update and extract routines.
<routine-count> user update routines, <routine-count> user extract routines. (2272)" "When using the User Defined Types feature of the C-ISAM DataServer, you must provide an equal number of user type update and extract routines.  These update and extract routines are listed in the ismutypeu and ismutypex arrays respectively in the iscutype.c module. The routines prior to the first 0 (zero) entry are counted.  If the count of the routines in these two arrays are unequal, you will get this error and the operation taking place (a CONNECT or a Field Edit) will fail.  Check these two arrays to be sure you have an equal number of entries prior to the 0 (zero) entry." "" ""
2273 "Invalid user defined datatype <type-number> at offset <offset>. (2273)" "The field at the indicated offset into the record has an invalid, or unknown, user defined datatype.  This error would indicate that there are not enough user defined field update and extract routines listed in the ismutypeu and ismutypex arrays in the module iscutype.c.  The datatype number indicated is used as an index into those arrays. If there is no entry at that position, or if a 0 (zero) entry precedes it, you will get this error. " "" ""
2274 "Phase 1, processing block number <block> of <total-blocks>. (2274)" "This message is part of the user interface of the index build and check utilities. It indicates which database block is currently being processed. " "" ""
2275 "User type <type-number> to PROGRESS CHARACTER: value too large. (2275)" "The field with the specified user defined type is too long to fit into the PROGRESS CHARACTER field. " "" ""
2276 "User type <type-number> to PROGRESS DECIMAL: overflow. (2276)" "The field with the specified user defined type causes overflow when converted to PROGRESS DECIMAL. " "" ""
2277 "User type <type-number> to PROGRESS INTEGER: overflow. (2277)" "The field with the specified user defined type causes overflow when converted to PROGRESS INTEGER. " "" ""
2278 "User type <type-number> to PROGRESS DATE: overflow. (2278)" "The field with the specified user defined type causes overflow when converted to PROGRESS DATE. " "" ""
2279 "User type <type-number> to PROGRESS LOGICAL: overflow. (2279)" "The field with the specified user defined type causes overflow when converted to PROGRESS LOGICAL. " "" ""
2280 "Extract routine for user type <type-number> returned error <error-num>. (2280)" "The user-written extract routine for the specified user defined type returned the specified error code.  This caused the extract of the data to fail.  Check your user-written extract routine to understand what the error code means. " "" ""
2281 "Update routine for user type <type-number> returned error <error-num>. (2281)" "The user-written update routine for the specified user defined type returned the specified error code.  This caused the update of the data to fail.  Check your user-written update routine to understand what the error code means. " "" ""
2282 "PROGRESS CHARACTER to user type <type-number>: value too large.  (2282)" "The PROGRESS CHARACTER field is too long to fit into the field with the specified user defined type. " "" ""
2283 "PROGRESS DECIMAL to user type <type-number>: overflow. (2283)" "The PROGRESS DECIMAL field causes overflow when converted to the specified user defined type. " "" ""
2284 "PROGRESS INTEGER to user type <type-number>: overflow. (2284)" "The PROGRESS INTEGER field causes overflow when converted to the specified user defined type. " "" ""
2285 "PROGRESS DATE to user type <type-number>: overflow. (2285)" "The PROGRESS DATE field causes overflow when converted to the specified user defined type. " "" ""
2286 "PROGRESS LOGICAL to user type <type-number>: overflow. (2286)" "The PROGRESS LOGICAL field causes overflow when converted to the specified user defined type. " "" ""
2287 "Invalid PROGRESS datatype for user type field at offset <offset> (2287)" "User defined types can only be translated to the following PROGRESS types: CHARACTER, INTEGER, DECIMAL, DATE and LOGICAL.  You attempted to translate the field at the indicated offset to some other PROGRESS type. Check the definition of the field in the Data Dictionary and change the PROGRESS Type to one of the types listed above. " "" ""
2288 "Client did not connect - the server is terminating. (2288)" "" "" ""
2289 "Unable to find image file for <widget>. (2289)" "The file name given for the IMAGE, IMAGE-UP, IMAGE-DOWN, or IMAGE-INSENSITIVE attribute of a BUTTON, or the image-phrase of an IMAGE cannot be located. " "" ""
2290 "Encountered image resource failure when realizing <widget>. (2290)" "When trying to load an image for the particular widget, the windowing system encountered a resource problem.  For color displays, the image may contain too many colors for the current hardware to support.  Some icons presume that the user's display contains more than 4 planes. " "" ""
2291 "Database  is in use.  Cannot copy. (2291)" "This message indicates that the database that you are attempting to copy is in use either in single-user or multi-user mode.  Make sure you are disconnected from the database and retry the copy command." "d" ""
2292 "** Insufficient disk space to extend the before-image file. (2292)" "PROGRESS ran out of disk space while attempting to extend the before-image file.  Free some disk space and then restart PROGRESS to perform crash recovery. " "D" ""
2293 "Unexpected PROGRESS CHARACTER type passed to user routine <routine-num>. (2293)" "The indicated user routine was passed a source or target parameter which was PROGRESS CHARACTER.  This user routine was not expecting this type.  Check the definition of the field to see if was defined to be the wrong PROGRESS type.  Another possibility is the user routine needs to be rewritten to handle this PROGRESS type. " "" ""
2294 "Unexpected PROGRESS DECIMAL type passed to user routine <routine-num>. (2294)" "The indicated user routine was passed a source or target parameter which was PROGRESS DECIMAL.  This user routine was not expecting this type.  Check the definition of the field to see if was defined to be the wrong PROGRESS type.  Another possibility is the user routine needs to be rewritten to handle this PROGRESS type. " "" ""
2295 "Unexpected PROGRESS INTEGER type passed to user routine <routine-num>. (2295)" "The indicated user routine was passed a source or target parameter which was PROGRESS INTEGER.  This user routine was not expecting this type.  Check the definition of the field to see if was defined to be the wrong PROGRESS type.  Another possibility is the user routine needs to be rewritten to handle this PROGRESS type. " "" ""
2296 "Unexpected PROGRESS DATE type passed to user routine <routine-num>. (2296)" "The indicated user routine was passed a source or target parameter which was PROGRESS DATE.  This user routine was not expecting this type.  Check the definition of the field to see if was defined to be the wrong PROGRESS type.  Another possibility is the user routine needs to be rewritten to handle this PROGRESS type. " "" ""
2297 "Unexpected PROGRESS LOGICAL type passed to user routine <routine-num>. (2297)" "The indicated user routine was passed a source or target parameter which was PROGRESS LOGICAL.  This user routine was not expecting this type.  Check the definition of the field to see if was defined to be the wrong PROGRESS type.  Another possibility is the user routine needs to be rewritten to handle this PROGRESS type. " "" ""
2298 "Unexpected user type <type-num> passed to user routine <routine-num>. (2298)" "The specified user routine was passed a source or target parameter of the indicated user type number.  This routine did not expect to be passed data of this type.  Check your definition of the user type in the Data Dictionary. Be sure that the integer value associated with it is the index into the iscutypeu and iscutypex arrays for that type. " "" ""
2299 "Invalid source data passed to user <update/extract> routine <routine-num>. (2299)" "The specified user routine had invalid data passed to it as source. " "" ""
2300 "Stored procedures are not supported by this version (2300)" "" "" ""
