2601 "Unable to set ulimit to <number>, errno=<number>, ulimit remains at <number>. (2601)" "The ulimit(0 system call failed.  This is most likely due to running an executable that is not owned by root with the setuid flag turned on. (i.e. -rwsrwxr-x  1 root ) " "D" ""
2602 "There is no current <cursor-name> record. Delete failed. (2602)" "You tried to delete a record with a positioned DELETE SQL statement and there is no current record position.  That is, the last FETCH operation on the named cursor produced no record, so there is no record to delete. " "" ""
2603 "There is no current <cursor-name> record.  Update failed. (2603)" "You tried to update a record using a positioned UPDATE SQL statement and there is no current record position.  That is, the last FETCH operation on the named cursor produced no record, so there is no record to update. " "m" ""
2604 "Datatype <datatype> for indicator variables is unsupported. (2604)" "A host language variable was used for an indicator variable that is not a numeric datatype.  Only the numeric datatypes (int, short, long, float and double) can be used as datatypes for indicator variables. The <datatype> argument in the error text indicates the datatype that was used. " "m" ""
2605 "Already logged out of Embedded SQL Interface. Request ignored. (2605)" "The application has already called sqllogout().  You tried to call an Embedded SQL Interface function following the sqllogout() call.  The function call has been ignored. " "m" ""
2606 "The language clause has the form: LANGUAGE(languages) (2606)" "The LANGUAGE clause of a COMPILE statement must consist of a single language name, a comma-separated list of language names (or name-lists) or a VALUE phrase that evaluates to such a list, enclosed in parentheses.  For example:   COMPILE foo.p LANGUAGE(french)..   COMPILE foo.p LANGUAGE(german:swiss-german,spanish,danish).   def var mylist as char.   mylist = ""swedish,dutch,canadian-french"".   COMPILE foo.p LANGUAGE(VALUE(mylist))." "s" ""
2607 "stat() failed on both <file> and <file>, errno = <num>. (2607)" "PROGRESS was attempting to check the existance of a file or the directory where the file should reside.  Both checks failed for the reason specified by the errno.  If the errno is 2, make sure the database name is correct.  If the errno is 13, make sure you have the correct permissions to access the database. " "D" ""
2608 "SYSTEM ERROR: Unsupported Open Interface Driver protocol version <server_version>. (2608)" "syserr " "m" ""
2609 "Collation tables for database '<db-name>' have been changed.
You must rebuild all the indexes in order to reconnect to this database. (2609)" "An assignment has been made to a field in the _DB record of database <db-name> which contains the collation tables for the database.  A change to the collation tables requires an index rebuild since the change alters the representation of keys in the index. " "d" ""
2610 "SYSTEM ERROR: lbi fread error, errno = . (2610)" "An error occurred while reading the LBI file.  The LBI file is used when processing the UNDO statement, when processing the END and ERROR keys, and during error processing in general.  This message generally indicates there is a problem in the PROGRESS system software. You might able to solve the problem by simplifying or changing your program.  syserr " "D" ""
2611 "You cannot update the collation tables for database '<db-name>'
which is connected in multi-user mode. (2611)" "An attempt was made to assign to a field of the _DB record of database <db-name> which contains a collation table for the database.  The database is currently running in multi-user mode.  You can only update a database collation table if the database is connected in single-user mode. " "d" ""
2612 "SYSTEM ERROR: Unrecognized Embedded SQL network protocol message <msgcode>. (2612)" "syserr " "m" ""
2613 "SYSTEM ERROR: Invalid Object Handle <handle> received in <function-name>. (2613)" "syserr " "m" ""
2614 "Must PREPARE statement before you can retrieve parameter types. (2614)" "A request was made to get dynamic parameter marker data type information.  The statement must be prepared before this information is available.  Call sqldynprep() prior to calling sqldyndescinp(). " "m" ""
2615 "Must PREPARE statement before you can retrieve number of parameters. (2615)" "A request was made to retrieve the number of dynamic parameter markers in a SQL statement.  The statement must be prepared with a call to sqldynprep() prior to retrieving the count of the parameter markers with sqldynnparms(). " "m" ""
2616 "CREATE SCHEMA statements cannot be nested. (2616)" "The application tried to embed a CREATE SCHEMA statement within another.  This is not allowed. " "m" ""
2617 "Could not execute Open Interface Driver from client. (2617)" "You tried to start the Open Interface Driver from the application process and the execution failed.  This failure may be the result of the process' inability to locate the server or for some constraint on its resources. " "m" ""
2618 "Could not execute Open Interface Driver from client <errno>. (2618)" "You tried to automatically execute the Open Interface Driver from the client and the attempt failed.  The value of errno is explained in the system header file errno.h. " "m" ""
2619 " (2619)" "This message is intentionally left blank. " "d" ""
2620 "" "" "" ""
2621 "<function> is supported on UNIX platforms only. (2621)" "The specified operation cannot be performed on any operating system other than UNIX. " "d" ""
2622 "UNKNOWN not supported by user <rtn-type> routine <rtn-number>. (2622)" "The C-ISAM User Defined Type whose update or extract routine is identified in the message does not support PROGRESS UNKNOWN.  The rtn-type indicates if the update or extract routine returned this error.  In addition, the rtn-number identifies the User Defined Datatype, indicating the routine's position in the iscutypeu and iscutypex arrays. " "" ""
2623 "Database in use by <user> on <tty>.  Wait or choose CANCEL to stop. (2623)" "You tried to access a database that is in use by another user (possibly from the PROGRESS Data Dictionary).  Schema changes are not permitted while another user is accessing the database.  The message tells you the name of the database and the user. Choose the CANCEL button to terminate your Dictionary session, or wait for all users to exit from the database. " "" ""
2624 "<file-name> in use by <user> on <tty>.  Wait or choose CANCEL to stop. (2624)" "You tried to access a data record that is locked by another user.  The message tells you the table the record is in and the user who has locked the record.  Either choose CANCEL to terminate your operation, or wait for the other user to release the locked record. " "" ""
2625 "Dictionary being changed by <user> on <tty>.  Wait or choose CANCEL to stop. (2625)" "You tried to access a database schema that another user is changing. You cannot access the database while the schema is being changed.  The message indicates who is changing the database schema.  Either wait for the other user to finish, or select CANCEL to terminate your operation. " "" ""
2626 "Error in conversion.  String does not contain a decimal value. (2626)" "You tried to convert character data to a decimal value and the character string did not contain numeric data. Check to ensure the values in the character string represent a valid representation of a numeric value. " "m" ""
2627 "Error in conversion.  String does not contain an integer value. (2627)" "You tried to convert character data to an integer value and the character string did not contain numeric data. Check to ensure the values in the character string represent a valid representation of an integer value. " "m" ""
2628 "Error in conversion.  String does not contain a boolean value. (2628)" "You tried to convert character data to a boolean value and the character string did not contain boolean data. Check to ensure the values in the character string represent a valid representation of a boolean value. " "m" ""
2629 "Error in conversion.  String does not contain a SQL date. (2629)" "You tried to convert character data to a date value and the character string did not contain valid date data. Check to ensure the values in the character string represent a valid representation of a date value. " "m" ""
2630 "Invalid column value <value>.  Expected value between <low value> and <high value>. (2630)" "The parameter supplied to sqlald() is outside the range of valid values.  The number of column parameters must be within the range specified in the error message. " "m" ""
2631 "Missing keyword DESCRIPTOR after EXEC SQL DEALLOCATE. (2631)" "The SQL preprocessor expects to see the keyword DESCRIPTOR in the EXEC SQL DEALLOCATE statement.  Check the spelling and the syntax. " "m" ""
2632 "Missing keyword DESCRIPTOR after EXEC SQL ALLOCATE. (2632)" "The SQL preprocessor expects to see the keyword DESCRIPTOR in the EXEC SQL ALLOCATE statement.  Check the spelling and the syntax. " "m" ""
2633 "Missing keyword MAX after WITH. (2633)" "The SQL preprocessor expects to see the keyword MAX in the EXEC SQL ALLOCATE DESCRIPTOR statement when the keyword WITH is present. The correct syntax is:     ALLOC DESCRIPTOR <descriptor name> WITH MAX <occurences> Check the spelling and the syntax. " "m" ""
2634 "Missing keyword DESCRIPTOR after EXEC SQL SET. (2634)" "The SQL preprocessor expects to see the keyword DESCRIPTOR in the EXEC SQL SET statement.  Check the spelling and the syntax. " "m" ""
2635 "Missing keyword COUNT or VALUE. (2635)" "The SQL preprocessor expects either the keyword COUNT or VALUE in the EXEC SQL SET DESCRIPTOR statement.  Check the spelling and the syntax. " "m" ""
2636 "Missing keyword DESCRIPTOR after EXEC SQL GET. (2636)" "The SQL preprocessor expects the keyword DESCRIPTOR in the EXEC SQL GET DESCRIPTOR statement.  Check the spelling or the syntax. " "m" ""
2637 "Invalid variable type.  Expected variable of type long or short. (2637)" "The SQL preprocessor expected a host language variable of type long or short, but a variable of another type was supplied.  Check the declaration of the host language variable. " "m" ""
2638 "Duplicate definition of variable <variable name> within scope. (2638)" "The SQL preprocessor encountered a duplicate variable definition within a single SQL DECLARE section.  There may be no duplicate variable definitions.  Change the name of one of the variables. " "m" ""
2639 "Syntax error.  Unable to recognize column number. (2639)" "The SQL preprocessor was unable to recognize the column number in an EXEC SQL GET DESCRIPTOR statement, EXEC SQL SET DESCRIPTOR statement or an EXEC  SQL ALLOCATE DESCRIPTOR statement.  Either a numeric literal or a host language variable is expected.  Check the variable declaration. " "m" ""
2640 "Missing equal sign. (2640)" "The SQL preprocessor expected the equal sign (=) in an EXEC SQL GET DESCRIPTOR or SQL SET DESCRIPTOR statement.  Check the syntax. " "m" ""
2641 "Missing keyword COUNT. (2641)" "The SQL preprocessor expected the keyword COUNT in the EXEC SQL GET DESCRIPTOR embedded-variable-name = COUNT form of the GET DESCRIPTOR statement.  Check the spelling and the syntax. " "m" ""
2642 "Invalid SQLDA field name. (2642)" "The SQL preprocessor encountered a field name in an EXEC SQL GET DESCRIPTOR or SQL SET DESCRIPTOR statement which does not match the field names in the SQLDA.  Make sure the field names in the DESCRIPTOR statements match the names in the SQLDA. " "m" ""
2643 "Quoted string can only be assigned to DATA field. (2643)" "The SQL preprocessor tried to assign a character string variable to a field other than the DATA field in an EXEC SQL SET DESCRIPTOR statement attempts.  Only the DATA field can accept character string values. " "m" ""
2644 "Invalid cursor name '<cursor name>' associated with <stmt id>. Expected '<cursor name>'. (2644)" "If a cursor is declared for a statement identifier, it must match any previously declared cursor names for that statement identifier.  Make sure the name supplied matches what was previous declared. " "m" ""
2645 "Invalid right-hand side of assignment. (2645)" "The SQL preprocessor expected a token, a numeric value or an indicator variable where none of these were found.  Check the spelling and the syntax. " "m" ""
2646 "Syntax error in GET DESCRIPTOR statement. (2646)" "The SQL preprocessor was unable to recognize the syntax in the EXEC SQL GET DESCRIPTOR statement.  Check the spelling and the syntax. " "m" ""
2647 "Invalid identifier '<identifier name>'. (2647)" "The SQL preprocessor encountered an invalid identifier name. Check the spelling and the syntax. " "m" ""
2648 "<rtn-type> routine for user type <type-number> returned code out of range -32767 to 32767. (2648)" "This message is associated with C-ISAM User Define Type update and extract routines. Those routines must return a code which is in the range -32767 to 32767. The C-ISAM DataServer has detected that the update or extract routine for a particular user type has returned a code outside of this range.  The user needs to fix the update or extract routine (written in C) to only return codes which fall into this range. " "" ""
2649 "After image integrity CANNOT be guaranteed. (2649)" "When the after-image file is on a remote file system, Progress cannot control when data is actually written to the after-image file.  Thus, unbuffered writes to the after-image file are not possible when the after-image file is remote.  Furthermore, since Progress cannot issue a sync on the remote system, the amount of after-image data that will be lost in the event of a system crash is indeterminate. " "D" ""
2650 "SYSTEM ERROR: <C-function-name> stub was called. (2650)" "syserr " "" ""
