3201 "Database name is too long. (3201)" "The database name is illegal because it is too long. " "" ""
3202 "<db-name> must start with an alphabetic character. (3202)" "The database name must start with an alphabetic character (A-Z or a-z). " "" ""
3203 "Keywords (like <db-name>) cannot be used for a database name. (3203)" "The database name is a keyword.  This is illegal. " "" ""
3204 "Database  not found. (3204)" "The database could not be opened. " "" ""
3205 "Not enough memory. (3205)" "Not enough memory to CREATE DATABASE, or the MEMPTR is too small. " "" ""
3206 "Database  has the wrong version number. (3206)" "The PROGRESS version you are using and the database version number must match.  For example, you cannot run a version 6 PROGRESS executable on a version 7 PROGRESS database.  However, you usually can connect to a PROGRESS database of an earlier version from a PROGRESS client process of a later version if you connect remotely.  That is, you can connect to a version 7 database using a PROGRESS version 6 client if you use the -H and -S parameters -- then the client process is not accessing the older version database directly. " "" ""
3207 "BI file not found. (3207)" "The .bi file was not found, so the copy was not completed. " "" ""
3208 "Procopy must be used to copy multi-volume databases. (3208)" "CREATE DATABASE may not be used to copy multi-volume databases.  Use procopy. " "" ""
3209 "Database is either in use or crashed. (3209)" "The database is either in use or crashed, therefore it cannot be copied. " "" ""
3210 "Error reading one of the files for <db-name>. (3210)" "Error reading the database. " "" ""
3211 "Can't open <db-name>. (3211)" "Can't open the database. " "" ""
3212 "Database  in use.  Cannot replace. (3212)" "Because the target database is in use, you cannot replace it. " "" ""
3213 "Error reading . (3213)" "Error reading or getting information on the database. " "" ""
3214 "Error creating . (3214)" "Error creating the new database. " "" ""
3215 "Insufficient disk space. (3215)" "Not enough disk space to create the database. " "" ""
3216 "The target database exists. (3216)" "The target database exists, but you specified no replacement. The operation is cancelled. " "" ""
3217 "CREATE DATABASE statement failed. (3217)" "The CREATE DATABASE statement failed with an unknown error. " "" ""
3218 "Could not extract argument for SYSTEM-HELP statement. (3218)" "The argument was an expression that could not be evaluated because of a data conversion problem, or because it referenced a record that was not available. " "" ""
3219 "Could not extract argument for PUT/GET-KEYVAL. (3219)" "Progress was unable to get the arguments for PUT/GET-KEYVAL. " "" ""
3220 "SYSTEM ERROR: Request for space (<request>) on FSA stack exceeds max of <default>. (3220)" "syserr " "" ""
3221 "SYSTEM ERROR: Internal Inconsistency in Progress Runtime Engine. (3221)" "syserr" "" ""
3222 "Attempt to OVERRIDE a schema create trigger for <table>. (3222)" "You tried to execute the statement:   ON CREATE OF filename OVERRIDE ... The specified file already has a database trigger in the schema that is defined as non-overridable.  Either change the schema trigger to be overridable, or remove the OVERRIDE option from the ON statement. " "" ""
3223 "Attempt to OVERRIDE a schema find trigger for <table>. (3223)" "You tried to execute the statement:    ON FIND OF filename OVERRIDE ... The specified file already has a database trigger in the schema that is defined as non-overridable.  Either change the schema trigger to be overridable, or remove the OVERRIDE option from the ON statement. " "" ""
3224 "Attempt to OVERRIDE a schema delete trigger for <table>. (3224)" "You tried to execute the statement:   ON DELETE OF filename OVERRIDE ... The specified file already has a database trigger in the schema that is defined as non-overridable.  Either change the schema trigger to be overridable, or remove the OVERRIDE option from the ON statement. " "" ""
3225 "Attempt to OVERRIDE a schema write trigger for <table>. (3225)" "You tried to execute the statement:    ON WRITE OF filename OVERRIDE ... The specified file already has a database trigger in the schema that is defined as non-overridable.  Either change the schema trigger to be overridable, or remove the OVERRIDE option from the ON statement. " "" ""
3226 "Attempt to OVERRIDE a schema assign trigger. (3226)" "You tried to execute the statement:    ON ASSIGN OF filename.fieldname OVERRIDE ... The specified field already has a database trigger in the schema that is defined as non-overridable.  Either change the schema trigger to be overridable, or remove the OVERRIDE option from the ON statement. " "" ""
3227 "Insufficient permission to disable triggers for dump of <table>. (3227)" "You tried to disable triggers for a file but you do not have sufficient permission.  This typically occurs if you are doing a database data dump from the PROGRESS Data Dictionary but do not have sufficient permission. " "" ""
3228 "Insufficient permission to disable triggers for load of <table>. (3228)" "You tried to disable triggers for a file but you do not have sufficient permission. This typically occurs if you are doing a database data dump from the PROGRESS Data Dictionary but do not have sufficient permission. " "" ""
3229 "DLL procedure <procedure> cannot receive a BUFFER parameter. (3229)" "DLL internal procedures can receive only INPUT, INPUT-OUTPUT or OUTPUT parameters from the calling procedure. Any mismatch in parameter types between the calling procedure and the called procedure is detected when the called procedure starts executing. This error occured because the calling procedure passed a BUFFER parameter to a DLL internal procedure. " "" ""
3230 "Mismatched parameter types passed to procedure <procedure>. (3230)" "You tried to pass parameters to a procedure but the datatypes do not match.  For example:    RUN subr.p ( 123 ). where subr.p looks like:    DEFINE INPUT PARAMETER parm1 AS CHARACTER. This example is trying to pass an integer parameter but the sub procedure expects a character parameter.  All parameter types must match. " "" ""
3231 "Mismatch in the parameter datatypes in DLL procedure <procedure>. (3231)" "The datatype in the calling procedure must match exactly the datatype in the called procedure for each parameter. " "" ""
3232 "DLL procedure <procedure> could not find caller's memptr variable. (3232)" "If the calling program passes a MEMPTR datatype to the DLL internal procedure, the DLL internal procedure expects the data structure for the parameter of MEMPTR datatype to have been set up by the calling program.  This error occurs if the DLL internal procedure is unable to locate the data structres for the memptr variable established by the calling procedure. " "" ""
3233 "DLL procedure <procedure> using an uninitialized MEMPTR. (3233)" "If a variable of MEMPTR datatype is defined as other than RETURN parameter inside a DLL internal procedure, then the DLL internal procedure expects the MEMPTR variable to be initialized (i.e. memory allocated) by the calling procedure.  This error occurs if the MEMPTR variable is not a RETURN parameter and memory has not been allocated for it by the calling procedure. " "" ""
3234 "Mismatched number of parameters passed to routine <name>. (3234)" "You are passing parameters to a routine, but the number of parameters you passed does not match the number of parameters expected by the routine." "" ""
3235 "Mismatched buffers: <procedure> expects <table> but received <table> (3235)" "You tried to pass a BUFFER parameter to a procedure with a statement like this:    RUN subr.p (BUFFER bufname). but the subroutine procedure was expecting a buffer for a different table.  The subroutine must contain a statement:    DEFINE PARAMETER BUFFER name FOR table-name ... and the table-name must be the same table as the caller's buffer. " "" ""
3236 "Update of field at record position <rpos> in table <table> failed upon return from <procedure>. (3236)" "An output parameter of a procedure could not be updated successfully. " "" ""
3237 "Program <program-name>, line <line-number> warning: Cannot join this query by the database server. (3237)" "" "" ""
3238 "Parameter buffer <buffer> in <procedure> was passed a workfile buffer. (3238)" "You tried to pass a BUFFER parameter to a procedure with a statement like this:   RUN subr.p (BUFFER bufname). but the subroutine procedure was expecting a buffer for a different table.  The subroutine must contain a statement:   DEFINE PARAMETER BUFFER bufname FOR tablename for the same table as the caller's buffer. " "" ""
3239 "Buffer <buffer> in <procedure> expects to be passed a workfile buffer. (3239)" "You tried to pass a BUFFER parameter to a procedure with a statement like this:    RUN subr.p (BUFFER bufname). but the subroutine procedure was expecting a buffer for a different table.  The subroutine must contain a statement:   DEFINE PARAMETER BUFFER bufname FOR tablename for the same table as the caller's buffer. " "" ""
3240 "Trigger for table <table> executing <procedure> which is FOR <table> table. (3240)" "An event such as CREATE, DELETE, WRITE, or FIND has occurred and cause a database trigger to run for that file.  The trigger that has been run is defined as a trigger for a different file.  Each database trigger must begin with a trigger header statement:     TRIGGER PROCEDURE FOR event OF filename. The filename in that trigger header statement must be the same as the file that has had the trigger attached to it. " "" ""
3241 "Parameter buffer for <buffer> in <procedure> not matched by caller. (3241)" "The parameter buffer in the calling procedure must be for the same file as in the called procedure. " "" ""
3242 "CRC for database trigger procedure <procedure> does not match schema. (3242)" "A database trigger was defined in the database schema and the CRC of that trigger was registered in the database schema.  This mechanism is intended to prevent counterfeit triggers.  If you have made legitimate changes to the database trigger program and have recompiled it, you must re-register the correct CRC in the database schema using the Data Dictionary. " "" ""
3243 "You cannot access local data in this version of PROGRESS. (3243)" "Your PROGRESS configuration only allows you to access data through a network to a PROGRESS SERVER process, but you tried to read data from a PROGRESS SERVER on the same machine, or tried to access a local PROGRESS database directly. " "" ""
3244 "Unable to create schema information for temp-table <table>. (3244)" "The schema cache for a temp-table is built using information from the r-code file. For a procedure that defines a NEW SHARED temp-table or a nonshared temp-table, the error occurs if the schema cache could not be built successfully.  For shared temp-tables, the error occurs if the schema cache of the temp-table defined as NEW SHARED in an upper-level procedure could not be located or the schema cache was located but the CRC values did not match. " "" ""
3245 "<procedure> is a FIND, DELETE, or CREATE trigger procedure. (3245)" "You tried to execute a RUN statement.  The procedure being run must be a normal procedure but it contains a trigger header statement such as     TRIGGER PROCEDURE FOR event OF table. You cannot RUN a trigger procedure directly. It can only be run as the result of the corresponding database event. " "" ""
3246 "<procedure> is a WRITE trigger procedure. (3246)" "You tried to execute a RUN statement.  The procedure being run must be a normal procedure but it contains a trigger header statement such as:     TRIGGER PROCEDURE FOR event OF table. You cannot RUN a trigger procedure directly. It can only be run as the result of the corresponding database event. " "" ""
3247 "<procedure> is an ASSIGN trigger procedure. (3247)" "You tried to execute a RUN statement.  The procedure being run must be a normal procedure but it contains a trigger header statement such as     TRIGGER PROCEDURE FOR event OF table. You cannot RUN a trigger procedure directly. It can only be run as the result of the corresponding database event. " "" ""
3248 "Cannot run <procedure> for a FIND, DELETE, or CREATE trigger. (3248)" "A FIND, DELETE, or CREATE event occurred for a file that has a trigger defined for that event.  The trigger procedure does not contain the required trigger header statement:    TRIGGER PROCEDURE FOR event OF tablename. Make sure you have specified the correct program name as the trigger and add a TRIGGER PROCEDURE header statement to the program if necessary. " "" ""
3249 "Cannot run <procedure> for a WRITE trigger. (3249)" "A WRITE event occurred for a table that has a trigger defined for that event. The trigger procedure does not contain the required trigger header statement:     TRIGGER PROCEDURE FOR event OF filename. Make sure you have specified the correct program name as the trigger and add a TRIGGER PROCEDURE header statement to the program if necessary. " "" ""
3250 "Cannot run <procedure> for an ASSIGN trigger. (3250)" "A field ASSIGN event occurred for a field that has a trigger defined for that event. The trigger procedure does not contain the required trigger header statement:     TRIGGER PROCEDURE FOR event OF filename.fieldname. Make sure you have specified the correct program name as the trigger and add a TRIGGER PROCEDURE header statement to the program if necessary. " "" ""
