4251 "Before-Image Block Size: <num>. (4251)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This reports the size of the before-image blocks in each buffer configured by the PROUTIL utility for the before-image file.  Valid values are 0, 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16 (0 indicates the default block size).  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4252 "Number of Before-Image Buffers (-bibufs): <num>. (4252)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This parameter is only useful when running the Before-Image Writer (BIW) and specifies the number of before-image buffers to use.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4253 "After-Image File Name (-a): <full-path/after-image-filename>. (4253)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This identifies the name of the file to use for after-imaging.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4254 "After-Image Stall (-aistall): <Enabled/Not Enabled>. (4254)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  Use this parameter to suspend database activity and send a message to the log file indicating an after-image extent switch can not occur due to the file being full.  This way an extent can be emptied instead of shutting down the database.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4255 "After-Image Block Size: <num>. (4255)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This reports the size of the after-image blocks in each buffer configured by the RFUTIL utility for the for the after-image file.  Valid values are 0, 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16 (0 indicates the default block size).  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4256 "Number of After-Image Buffers (-aibufs): <num>. (4256)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This parameter is only useful when running the After-Image Writer (AIW) and specifies the number of after-image buffers to use.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4257 "Maximum Number of Clients Per Server (-Ma): <num>. (4257)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database broker is started.  This is the current maximum number of remote users per 4GL server.  The default is the maximum number of users (-n) divided by the maximum number of servers (-Mn).  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4258 "Maximum Number of Servers (-Mn): <num>. (4258)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This is the current maximum number of remote client servers that can be started by the broker process.  The multi-user default is 4.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4259 "Minimum Clients Per Server (-Mi): <num>. (4259)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database broker is started.  This is the number of remote users on a 4GL server before the broker spawns another 4GL server.  The multi-user default is 1.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4260 "Maximum Number of Users (-n): <num>. (4260)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This is the maximum number of PROGRESS users on the system.  After <n> users have started PROGRESS on the database, additional user startup attempts are rejected.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4261 "Host Name (-H): <database-server-host>. (4261)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This is the name of the remote machine that a network database server is running on.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4262 "Service Name (-S): <service-name>. (4262)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  The name of the broker process on the host machine in a network environment.  You must use the Service Name parameter when you are starting the broker or server on the machine that will serve remote users.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4263 "Network Type (-N): <network-type>. (4263)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This is the network communications protocol used by the database server.  Possible choices are TCP, DECNET, NETBIOS, SPX, TLI, DDE (MS Windows), and CTOSCLUSTER.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4264 "Character Set (-cpinternal): <undefined/iso885901>. (4264)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  The Character Set parameter determines the internal character set PROGRESS uses for manipulating date in memory.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4265 "Stream (-cpstream): <ibm850/iso8859-1>. (4265)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  The Stream parameter determines what character set PROGRESS uses for stream I/O.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4266 "Cannot locate binary data in file <name> for <widget>. (4266)" "The NAME attribute must contain the NAME of the CONTROL-CONTAINER widget as it was set when the widget was saved to the .WBX file. It cannot be set to the UNKNOWN value. " "" ""
4267 "Cannot execute an SQL statement in the target database while a stored procedure, a SEND-SQL cursor, a join-by-sqldb cursor, or a VIEW cursor is open. (4267)" "The target database allows only one active statement per connection, and you have entered a request that requires another active statement. The current statement cannot be interrupted, or cursor position would be lost.  For views, you may be able to add index information to the schema holder.  Or, you may be able to execute cursors in separate connections.  For join-by-sqldb, you can use the QUERY-TUNING parameter SEPARATE_CONNECTION. For stored procedures, you can use -Dsrv PRGRS_PROC_TRAN,1 startup parameter. For queries or FOR EACH on a view, you can use the QUERY-TUNING parameter SEPARATE_CONNECTION." "" ""
4268 "You may use the QUERY-TUNING parameter SEPARATE_CONNECTION for join-by-sqldb  (4268)" "If you are using a view, then you may define index information in the schema holder for your view. " "" ""
4269 "Insert" "This is the text that appears in the status area of a window used to denote the sate of ""insert-mode"". " "" ""
4270 "Yes" "This is the button label for the ""Yes"" alert-box button. It may include an ""&"" to denote the accelerator character. " "" ""
4271 "No" "This is the button label fot the ""No"" alert-Box button. It may include an ""&"" to denote the accelerator character. " "" ""
4272 "Cancel" "This is the button label for the ""Cancel"" alert-box button. It may include an ""&"" to denote the accelerator character. " "" ""
4273 "Retry" "This is the button label for the ""Retry"" alert-box button. It may include an ""&"" to denote the accelerator character. " "" ""
4274 "OK" "This is the buton label for the ""OK"" alert-box button. It may include an ""&"" to denote the accelerator character. " "" ""
4275 "Message" "This is the text that appears as the title of a ""Message"" alert-box. " "" ""
4276 "Question" "This is the text that appears as the title for a ""Question"" alert-box. " "" ""
4277 "Information" "This is the text that appears as the title of a ""Informational"" alert-box. " "" ""
4278 "Warning" "This is the text that appears as the title of a ""Warning"" alert-box. " "" ""
4279 "Error" "This is the text that appears as the title of a ""Error"" alert-box. " "" ""
4280 "Unknown" "This is the text that appears as the title of a ""Unknown"" alert-box. " "" ""
4281 "Server started by <user-id> on <tty-name>. (4281)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  It provides the user-id for the user who started the database server and the terminal from which the database server was initiated.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4282 "Parameter File: <parameter-file-name>. (4282)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This provides the parameter file name used as part of starting the database server.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4283 "Invalid -Dsrv argument list (4283)" "There is an error on the -Dsrv CONNECT parameter. - Such as using a non-numeric value for a numeric only option.      Example: ""COMPRESS=X"", where COMPRESS requires a 1 or 0. - Mismatch number of arguments and values in the -Dsrv parameter   string.      Example: ""TRANSCTL,COMPRESS=1"", the value for TRANSCTL is               missing " "M" ""
4284 "Connection from SUN to AS/400 requires the -H parameter (4284)" "A SUN Workstation as a client to the AS/400 requires the -H Host-name connection parameter. " "M" ""
4285 "Connection rejected, Server has no codepage in the dictionary. (4285)" "The AS/400 Dictionary P__DB file does not contain a codepage name. Without a valid codepage, data translation is not possible. " "M" ""
4286 "-Dsrv TRANSCTL option is unknown. (4286)" "The TRANSCTL has 4 options: TRANSCTL=COMMIT   Always use Commitment Control.  An error results if                   files are not journalled. TRANSCTL=LBI      Use LBI (CMTCTRL off).  The client uses the Local BI                   file for transaction control. TRANSCTL=OPTIONAL Optionally use CMTCTRL v6/v7 default. TRANSCTL=NONE     No integrity mode. (Note: Only the first letter of the option is required.        i.e.  -Dsrv TRANSCTL=C   )" "M" ""
4287 "Connection rejected due to invalid user name: <username>. (4287)" "The user name specified as the -U connection parameter is not a recognized AS/400 user profile. " "M" ""
4288 "Connection rejected due to invalid password. (4288)" "The password specified was the -P connection parameter is incorrect for the specified user profile (-U connection parameter). " "M" ""
4289 "Connection rejected.  Unable to start server. (4289)" "The server job submitted by the broker did not respond to the broker before the timeout specified expired for one of the following reasons:   The server job may have ended unexpectedly due to an error.   The server job submitted may still be in the job queue.   There may be an unexpected error in the broker. " "M" ""
4290 "Connection rejected, attempt to use IBM supplied profile. (4290)" "The user name specified in the -U connection parameter is one of the IBM supplied AS/400 user profiles.  For examples:  QSECOFR, QSYSOPR, QSRV, QSYS, etc. To prevent security problems, any IBM supplied profile cannot be specified as the user name on connection. " "M" ""
4291 "Connection rejected, invalid or missing Translation Table. (4291)" "The translation table name entered at the time the Server Schema was created using DUPPRODB is no longer valid for one of the following reasons: - The table object specified is no longer found. - The current user does not have authority to access the table object. " "M" ""
4292 "APPC DLL Version Error = <DLLVersionError> (<NCSASNversion>, <DLLversion>) (4292)" "PROGRESS uses an internal version number to ensure that the client executable and the .DLL used are synchronized.  This error indicates that the .DLL and the client executable you are using are incompatible.  Check your configuration to be sure that you are using the correct files. " "M" ""
4293 "Connection rejected, invalid or missing Dictionary files. (4293)" "The AS/400 database library specified on CONNECT does not contain the Version 7 dictionary files. " "M" ""
4294 "Scroll" "This is the text that appears in the status area of a window used to denote the state of ""scroll-mode"". " "" ""
4295 "PROGRESS/SQL function <function-name> cannot be processed on this Data Server. (4295)" "Your SQL query was considered for passthough execution on a Data Server, but the named function cannot be processed by this Data Server.  Your query will be executed on the PROGRESS client. This is an informational message. " "" ""
4296 "Authorization error attempting to <create> <filename> (4296)" "You have attempted to create/update/delete a record in a database file without the proper authorization.  The AS/400 user profile dictates the authority to modify the given objects.  Use the AS/400 DSPOBJAUT command to determine the authority necessary to modify the desired objects. " "m" ""
4297 "SYSTEM ERROR: The DBIM function acfldlst() is not supported for the AS/400 dataserver. (4297)" "" "m" ""
4298 "SYSTEM ERROR: The DBIM function acbkflc() is not supported for the AS/400 dataserver (4298)" "syserr " "m" ""
4299 "SYSTEM ERROR: The DBIM function acgetstamp() is not supported for the AS/400 dataserver. (4299)" "" "m" ""
4300 "** FETCH targets must be variables.    (4300)" "Your program specified a FETCH target that was not a program variable. Use a program variable to FETCH into, and then assign the variable's value to another data item, for example, DEFINE c-n AS INTEGER. FETCH  curs1 INTO c-n. Tbl2.Cust-Num = c-n. " "" ""
