4201 "Join by SQL Server requires version 8.0 or greater (4201)" "You may want to use the -nojoinbysqldb parameter when compiling code to run with pre-v8 servers. " "" ""
4202 "Too many tables in join by SQL server request (4202)" "" "" ""
4203 "<dbtype> version: <sqldbname> <dbversion> (4203)" "This is an informational message that prints the version of the DataServer database. " "" ""
4204 "SYSTEM ERROR:  Too many tables in join <number of tables> (4204)" "syserr " "" ""
4205 "Attempt to get by non-existant rowid (4205)" "" "" ""
4206 "Bad numcol (<number>) for file <file name> (4206)" "" "" ""
4207 "Bad colnum (<column number>) for file <file name> (4207)" "" "" ""
4208 " colnum out of sequence col <column number> file <file name> (4208)" "" "" ""
4209 "orafnd join sync error (4209)" "" "" ""
4210 "Attempt to lock by non-existant rowid (4210)" "" "" ""
4211 "Attempt to delete by non-existant rowid (4211)" "" "" ""
4212 "A column in this row being inserted or updated is too large (4212)" "The width of a column exceeds the defined size of the column in ORACLE Either place a shorted value in the column or alter the table to expand the size of the column.  See dataserv.lg for the name of the column and table. " "" ""
4213 "Usually a PL/SQL compilation error. (4213)" "" "" ""
4214 "Cannot find or load WSYBDB.DLL (Sybase Client software).  (4214)" "You must have WSYBDB.DLL (Sybase Client software) in your path or in your windows directory.  You must be able to read it and load it. " "" ""
4215 "SYSTEM ERROR: Internal procedure number <reference number> not found. (4215)" "The internal procedure with the specified reference number is neither the current procedure nor the main procedure. syserr " "" ""
4216 "** <file name> has FIND triggers, SQL by server disabled. (4216)" "The named table has active FIND triggers.  Your SQL request cannot execute on the SQL server, since the SQL statement may find many records before returning results to the interpreter.  Your query will be executed on the client.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4217 "Query tuning parse error (4217)" "" "" ""
4218 "Failed to retrieve Query Tuning Info (4218)" "" "" ""
4219 "SYSTEM ERROR: Cannot insert a key of size <key-size> into a sort buffer of size <buffer-size>. (4219)" "While sorting, preselecting or building a result-list, PROGRESS attempted to insert an entry, which contains a key and one or more RECIDs, into the sort block of the preselect, presort or result list. This is not a user-error, but a bug in PROGRESS.  It is non-fatal, however - the key will simply be ignored, and the list will be missing an entry. " "" ""
4220 "Unable to connect to specified database. (4220)" "Connection failed for the database provided. Check that the database name is valid and that the parameters supplied are appropriate for the action requested. " "U" ""
4221 "The path is a directory, it should be a filename. (4221)" "The use of a directory pathname with the -a parameter is not permitted.  If this is used with a .tl file, this is a system error. " "d" ""
4222 "Index anchor table entry deleted. (4222)" "This message is associated with the conversion of indexes from version 6 to version 7.  The utility found an invalid index block and removed the index.  If the index number was part of the database then the index can be recreated using index rebuild.  If the index number does not show up as part of the origional schema, then the database is correct.  Index check can be run to be sure. " "D" ""
4223 "SYSTEM ERROR: A duplicate key in index <index number> for recid <record identifier> was found and skipped. (4223)" "During conv67 processing, a duplicate key was found and skipped over. The user should check the record for that recid and see if it is valid.  The duplicate record can also be found using the key and the 4Gl command find record. " "" ""
4224 "SQL by server cannot find a plan component. (4224)" "Your SQL request attempted to execute SQL on the Data Server, but one more plan components is missing.  Your query will be executed on the client.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4225 "SQL by server cannot find a schema with logical name <schema name>. (4225)" "Your SQL request attempted to execute SQL on the Data Server, but the logical database name in the server's query plan cannot be resolved to a connected database.  Your query will be executed on the client. This is an informational message. " "" ""
4226 "Attempt to reposition cursor using incomplete (field-list) key (4226)" "" "" ""
4227 "SYSTEM ERROR: Index anchor table entry for index <Index Number> is invalid. (4227)" "An entry in the index anchor table was found not to be a valid database block.  This means that the index is unusable and would cause the system to abort.  Use index rebuild all or dump and load to fix the database. " "D" ""
4228 "Can't save cache; You are not connected to <ldbname> (4228)" "You tried to save the schema cache and you were not connected to the named database.  This would most likely happen if you are caching the schema for a dataserver database.  Connect to the database and retry the command.  Alternatively, use 'save cache current' to save only the schema information for referenced tables. " "" ""
4229 "Corrupt block detected when reading from database. (4229)" "The Progress DBMS posted a read request for a database block with <dbkey2> but the block header contains <dbkey>.  This error can be caused by any of the following: broken disks or controllers, broken memory, corrupted filesystems, filesystem bugs (e.g. not flushing inodes) disk driver bugs, operating system bugs or Progress bugs. This error may indicate that your database is corrupted.  If you are unable to restart your database, you should contact Progress technical support to get help determining the extent of the corruption.  If your database is corrupted you will have to restore it from a backup." "D" ""
4230 "Corrupt block detected when attempting to write a block. (4230)" "The Progress DBMS posted a read request for a database block with <dbkey2> but the block header contains <dbkey>.  This error can be caused by any of the following: broken disks or controllers, broken memory, corrupted filesystems, filesystem bugs (e.g. not flushing inodes) disk driver bugs, operating system bugs or Progress bugs. This error may indicate that your database is corrupted.  If you are unable to restart your database, you should contact Progress technical support to get help determining the extent of the corruption.  I your database is corrupted you will have to restore it from a backup." "D" ""
4231 "Corrupt block detected when attempting to modify a block. (4231)" "The Progress DBMS posted a read request for a database block with <dbkey2> but the block header contains <dbkey>.  This error can be caused by any of the following: broken disks or controllers, broken memory, corrupted filesystems, filesystem bugs (e.g. not flushing inodes) disk driver bugs, operating system bugs or Progress bugs. This error may indicate that your database is corrupted.  If you are unable to restart your database, you should contact Progress technical support to get help determining the extent of the corruption.  I your database is corrupted you will have to restore it from a backup." "D" ""
4232 "Corrupt block detected when attempting to release a buffer. (4232)" "The Progress DBMS posted a read request for a database block with <dbkey2> but the block header contains <dbkey>.  This error can be caused by any of the following: broken disks or controllers, broken memory, corrupted filesystems, filesystem bugs (e.g. not flushing inodes) disk driver bugs, operating system bugs or Progress bugs. This error may indicate that your database is corrupted.  If you are unable to restart your database, you should contact Progress technical support to get help determining the extent of the corruption.  I your database is corrupted you will have to restore it from a backup." "D" ""
4233 "This function is unable to determine directory access for this operating system. (4233)" "Internal Error. " "d" ""
4234 "Progress OpenEdge Release <VERSION_NUMBER> on <OS_PLATFORM>. (4234)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This provides platform and PROGRESS version number information for the PROGRESS database server. This is important information to have available when speaking with PROGRESS Technical Support. " "D" ""
4235 "Physical Database Name (-db): <full-path/database-name>. (4235)" "This is an information message printed to the database log file when a database server is started.  This is the physical database, name including the full directory path, that the current database connection.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4236 "Database Type (-dt): <PROGRESS/ORACLE/SYBASE/CISAM/RMS/Rdb>. (4236)" "This is an information message written to the database log file  when starting a database server.  This is the database type for the current session.  Possible values are PROGRESS, ORACLE, RMS, Rdb, CISAM, and SYBASE. This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4237 "Force Access (-F): <Enabled/Not Enabled>. (4237)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  It indicates whether the Force Access option has been used to open the database.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4238 "Direct I/O (-directio): <Enabled/Not Enabled/Not Supported>. (4238)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  It indicates whether direct I/O is being used to write to the database on systems which support this method of I/O.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4239 "Number of Database Buffers (-B): <num>. (4239)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  It indicates the number of database buffers currently configured for use by the database server.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4240 "Excess Shared Memory Size (-Mxs): <num>. (4240)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  It indicates the size of of the shared memory overflow area that is available in kilobytes.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4241 "Current Size of Lock Table (-L): <#>. (4241)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This displays the current setting for the number of lock table entries available.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4242 "Hash Table Entries (-hash): <num>. (4242)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  The number entries in the hash table can reduce the time it takes to locate a database buffer.  The recommended value for this parameter is a prime number approximately equal to 25% of the number of database buffers (-B).  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4243 "Current Spin Lock Tries (-spin): <num>. (4243)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  Current Spin Lock Tries sets the number of times a process tries to aquire a latch before pausing.  On multi-processor machines you can try a value of 2000.  If this causes too much CPU usage, try reducing the value.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4244 "Crash Recovery (-i): <Enabled/Disabled>. (4244)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  By default crash recovery is enabled. This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4245 "Delay of Before-Image Flush (-Mf): <num>. (4245)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  Any positive value delays PROGRESS from synchronously writing out to disk the last before-image file records at the end of each transaction.  Using -Mf does not reduce database integrity, however, if there is a system failure, it is possible the last few transactions will be lost (never written to the .bi file). This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4246 "Before-Image File Name (-g): <full-path/bi-file-name> (4246)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  Use the Before-Image File Name parameter if storing the before-image file in a directory other than the one where the database resides.  Use of a multi-volume database eliminates the need for this parameter.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4247 "Before-Image File I/O (-r -R): <Reliable/Not Reliable>. (4247)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  Use the -R parameter to enable unbuffered (raw) I/O to the before-image file, which is the basis for providing database integrity.  Use the -r parameter to enable buffered I/O to the before-image file, which may put database integrity at risk.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4248 "SYSTEM ERROR: bfCchRmEntry: cannot remove the current entry  (4248)" "syserr " "" ""
4249 "Before-Image Truncate Interval (-G): <num>. (4249)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  This parameter is used to specify the number of seconds that pass before bringing the database, before-image, and after-image files up to date. The default of 60 seconds is recommended.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
4250 "Before-Image Cluster Size: <num>. (4250)" "This is an informational message written to the database log file when a database server is started.  It reports the cluster size specified with the PROUTIL utility for the before-image file.   The number must be a multiple of 16 ranging from 16 to 262,128.  The default size is 16K.  If you use a value that is not a multiple of 16, PROGRESS rounds up to the next multiple of 16.  This is important information to have available when speaking to PROGRESS Technical Support concerning database topics. " "D" ""
