4701 "Maximum user count is  <user count> (4701)" "The maximum liccensed user count " "" ""
4702 "The user defined threshold is  <user defined threshold> (4702)" "The user defined threshold is the stated value. " "" ""
4703 "Syntax is: RADIO-BUTTONS name, constant, name, constant ... 
 where constant is a number, a date, or a string enclosed in quotes. (4703)" "An example is:   DEFINE VAR abc AS CHAR VIEW-AS RADIO-SET    RADIO-BUTTONS ""A - Excellent"", ""A"",                  ""B - Good"",      ""B"",                  ""C - Fair"",      ""C"". " "" ""
4704 "Attempt to start server on remote or nonexistant host. (4704)" "" "" ""
4705 "Double-byte type must be a constant or expression evaluating to the string RAW or the string CHARACTER, or in some cases FIXED; if constant, must be enclosed in quotes. (4705)" "Sample syntax:   DISPLAY LENGTH(stringfield,""raw""). " "" ""
4706 "Could not find conversion table for r-code. (4706)" "" "" ""
4707 "The value of -rptint must be greater then 0. Value passed in was  <user supplied value> (4707)" "The value that the user passed in for -rptint was less then 0. " "" ""
4708 "User defined threshold exceeded by <user-id> on <device-id> (4708)" "The user defined threshold has been exceeded by the user on the device listed. " "" ""
4709 "<current-count> attempt(s) to exceed the user defined threshold ()<user-defined-threshold> since server startup. (4709)" "The user tried N times to exceed the user defined threshold value since server startup. " "" ""
4710 "PROGRESS SQL JOIN ON phrases may not contain subqueries. (4710)" "The SQL LEFT OUTER JOIN phrase requires an ON phrase of the type:    ON table1.field = table2.field and .... The expression after the ON may not contain an embedded SELECT statement (subquery). " "" ""
4711 "This module does not contain the required user sort exit routine. (4711)" "You are attempting to access a database which requires a user-written sort exit routine.  The module you are using to access the database should be reloaded with the appropriate user-written sort exit routine. " "" ""
4712 "Error <error-number> from user sort exit routine initialization. (4712)" "You are attempting to connect to a database which requires a user-written sort exit routine.  The first time you connect to such a database during each session, the user sort exit routine initialization program is called.  This routine returned an error code, which appears in the error message. " "" ""
4713 "Initialization clauses in the SQL DECLARE SECTION are not part of the SQL standard. (4713)" "Your ESQL program's DECLARE SECTION contains one or more initialization clauses.  Delete the initialization clauses and use assignment statements to initialize the variables to maintain portability among ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4714 "<string> (4714)" "This message is used to display before image file cluster information. " "d" ""
4715 "Assignment: approximate numeric <source> into exact numeric target <target>. (4715)" "Your ESQL program contains an INSERT, UPDATE, SELECT, or FETCH request that moves a source approximate numeric value into the named exact numeric target.  PROGRESS can complete this assignment without loosing data, but it is not part of the ANSI 1989 SQL standard.  Use an exact numeric source to maintain portability among ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4716 "Assignment:  <source> into <target> may loose significant digits. (4716)" "Your ESQL program contains an INSERT, UPDATE, SELECT, or FETCH request that moves a source exact numeric value into the named exact numeric target.  The target has less precision than the source.  PROGRESS can complete this assignment without loosing data, but it is not part of the SQL standard.  Use an exact numeric source to maintain portability among ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4717 "INSERT <source> into column <target> may be truncated. (4717)" "Your ESQL program contains an INSERT request that moves a source character expression into the named target column.  The target is shorter than the source.  PROGRESS can complete this assignment without loosing data, but it is not part of the SQL standard.  Check your ESQL program to ensure that the source will not overflow the target's declared length.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4718 "Column <column> has extents. (4718)" "Your ESQL program contains a reference to the named column.  This column is defined with extents.  Extents are not part of the SQL standard.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4719 "String concatenation operator + is not part of the SQL standard. (4719)" "The ANSI SQL standard has no string concatenation operator.  The PROGRESS/SQL string concatenation operator is not portable to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4720 "User threshold ()<value passed in> is greater then the license count. Setting threshold count to 85of the license count. Threshold value is  (4720)" "The value that was passed in for the user defined threshold count is larger then the license count.  The default action is to adjust the threshold value to 85% of the license count. " "" ""
4721 "SQL by server does not support group by with an order by clause. (4721)" "Your SQL request attempted to execute SQL on the Data Server, but the request contained  a group by with an order by clause.  This is not supported in this release. Your query will be executed on the client.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4722 "Client did not connect - server terminates. (4722)" "" "" ""
4723 "Host language variables are not blank padded without -Q startup parameter. (4723)" "Your ESQL program contains a FETCH or SELECT statement that moves character data into a host language variable.  The host language variable will not be blank padded.  Supply the -Q startup parameter to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4724 "Temporary last field trigger restriction (4724)" "You can not add an ASSIGN trigger to the last field in the table. This is a temporary restriction.  It should only apply to C-ISAM and Oracle dataservers. " "" ""
4725 "String comparisons are not case-sensitive without -Q startup parameter. (4725)" "Your ESQL program contains a comparison of one string value to another (for example, ""WHERE st = 'MA'."").  String comparisons are not case-sensitive unless you supply the -Q starup parameter.  Supply the -Q startup parameter to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4726 "Right-hand side of comparison is a subquery with GROUP BY. (4726)" "Your ESQL program contains a comparison whose right-hand element is a subquery that contains a GROUP BY clause.  This is not part of the ANSI SQL standard.  Modify your subquery to eliminate the GROUP BY (perhaps by using an aggregate function) to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4727 "Cursor <cursor name> declared FOR <locking option>. (4727)" "Your ESQL program supplied DECLARE CURSOR specification that has a locking option (for example, FOR READ ONLY, or FOR UPDATE). This is not part of the ANSI SQL standard.  Do not supply a locking option to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4728 "Cursor <cursor name> declared FOR READ. (4728)" "Your ESQL program supplied DECLARE CURSOR specification that has the FOR READ locking option.  This is not part of the ANSI SQL standard, and is even less likely to be portable than the FOR READ ONLY locking option. Do not supply a locking option to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4729 "DROP is not part of the SQL standard.      (4729)" "Your ESQL program supplied a DROP statement.  This is not part of the SQL standard.  Do not use the DROP statement to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4730 "ALTER is not part of the SQL standard.      (4730)" "Your ESQL program supplied an ALTER statement.  This is not part of the SQL standard.  Do not use the ALTER statement to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4731 "CHARACTER columns are not created case-sensitive without the -Q startup parameter. (4731)" "Your ESQL program supplied a CREATE TABLE statement that created a CHARACTER column.  CHARACTER columns are not created case-sensitive unless you supply the -Q startup parameter.  Use the -Q startup parameter to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4732 "Login by <name> on <tty>. Pid <process-id>. (4732)" "The specified user connected to the database. " "D" ""
4733 "DECIMAL columns are created with implementation-defined precision without the -Q startup parameter. (4733)" "Your ESQL program supplied a CREATE TABLE statement that created a DECIMAL column.  DECIMAL columns are created with an implemention defined precision that is less than 15, unless you supply the -Q startup parameter.  Use the -Q startup parameter to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4734 "Logout by <name> on <tty>. Pid <process-id>. (4734)" "The specified user disconnected from the database. " "D" ""
4735 "DATE datatype is not part of the SQL standard. (4735)" "Your ESQL program supplied a CREATE TABLE statement that created a DATE column.  The DATE datatype is not part of the SQL standard.  Do not use the DATE datatype to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4736 "LOGICAL datatype is not part of the SQL standard. (4736)" "Your ESQL program supplied a CREATE TABLE statement that created a LOGICAL column.  The LOGICAL datatype is not part of the ANSI SQL standard.  Do not use the LOGICAL datatype to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4737 "CREATE INDEX is not part of the SQL standard. (4737)" "Your ESQL program supplied a CREATE INDEX statement.  CREATE INDEX is not part of the ANSI SQL standard.  Do not use the CREATE INDEX statement to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4738 "PROGRESS functions are not part of the SQL standard. (4738)" "Your ESQL program supplied a PROGRESS function (for example, CAN-DO) as part of an expression.  The ANSI SQL standard only supports COUNT,  SUM, MIN, MAX, and AVG functions..  Do not use other functions to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4739 "GROUP BY <expression> is not part of the SQL standard. (4739)" "Your ESQL program supplied a GROUP BY clause that contains an expression.  The ANSI SQL standard only supports simple column references as part of a GROUP BY clause.  Do not use expressions in GROUP BY to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4740 "Identifier <id> is longer than <max SQL length> characters. (4740)" "The ANSI SQL standard does not support identifiers longer than the given length.  Do not identifiers longer than this length to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4741 "DISTINCT set function in dyadic operator. (4741)" "Your ESQL program supplied a DISTINCT set function as the operand of a dyadic operator (for example, COUNT(DISTINCT st) + 1).  This is not  part of the ANSI SQL standard.  Do not use DISTINCT set functions as dyadic operators to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4742 "ORDER BY <expression> is not part of the SQL standard. (4742)" "Your ESQL program supplied a ORDER BY clause that contains an expression.  The ANSI SQL standard only supports simple column references as part of a ORDER BY clause.  Do not use expressions in ORDER BY to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4743 "BEGINS predicate is not part of the SQL standard. (4743)" "Your ESQL program supplied a BEGINS predicate as part of an expression (for example, ""WHERE st BEGINS 'M'."").  BEGINS is not part of the ANSI SQL standard.  Do not use the BEGINS predicate to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4744 "Table name <table name> repeated in FROM list. (4744)" "Your ESQL program supplied a FROM clause that specifies the named table more than once.  This is not part of the ANSI SQL standard.  Do not use the same table more than once in a FROM clause to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4745 "Table name <table name> appears in an inner query. (4745)" "Your ESQL program supplied a DELETE, UPDATE, or INSERT statement that contains an inner query that specifies the same table name as the table being modified.  This is not part of the ANSI SQL standard. Do not use the same table in an inner query to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4746 "SELECT INTO cannot specify GROUP BY. (4746)" "Your ESQL program supplied a SELECT INTO statement with a GROUP BY clause.  This is not part of the ANSI SQL standard.  Do not use the GROUP BY clause in a SELECT INTO statement to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4747 "SELECT INTO cannot specify HAVING. (4747)" "Your ESQL program supplied a SELECT INTO statement with a HAVING clause.  This is not part of the ANSI SQL standard.  Do not use the HAVING clause in a SELECT INTO statement to maintain portability to other ANSI standard database management systems.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4748 "Forcing exit of pid <process-id>. (4748)" "The specified process is being terminated from the system. " "D" ""
4749 "UNION columns are not identical. (4749)" "The ANSI SQL standard specifies that the corresponding columns of a UNION must be identical.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
4750 "SYSTEM ERROR:  <internal error message> (4750)" "The SQL flagger has detected an internal error.  Your SQL request cannot be flagged for conformance to the ANSI SQL standard, but compilation will continue.  This is an informational message. " "" ""
